---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 5.5.0
---

Release period: 2019-08-05 to 2019-08-29

This release includes the following issues:
* Metering Resource Timeline Compaction
* Prefill CF marketplace parameters on instance update
* Chargeback Statements
* Revised Service Owner Metering & Usage
* Automatic meshProject replication retry
* Improved Azure Project Access response
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Metering Resource Timeline Compaction
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The meshStack metering subsytem now automatically compacts resource timeline sample resolution
after a default offset of 30 days. Compaction increases processing performance of the system
and decreases storage requirements.

#### How to use
Operators can configure the offset per platform instance. When configuring this offset operators
must consider expected delays in metering data collection e.g. due to cloud platform failure and similar
conditions. It is not safe to insert data samples into compacted regions of a resource timeline,
so operators should chose the value to provide a good balance of performance and safety.

### Prefill CF marketplace parameters on instance update
**Audience:** User
**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Current parameters are retrieved from the Service Broker to show them in the service instance update form.

### Chargeback Statements
**Audience:** User, Partner, Operator, Customer
**Component:** kraken-api, panel


#### Description
Project Statements have been renamed to Chargeback Statements. This better describes their purpose as the final stage of the multi-cloud metering process.

#### How to use
Please review our documentation portal for additional details.

### Revised Service Owner Metering & Usage
**Audience:** Customer
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
The Metering & Usage area for service owners now provides a revised list, that shows which project
is using which plan and how much usage was metered for that. It does not provide a detailed
level per service instance, but just a summary per usage type of a service plan.

### Automatic meshProject replication retry
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Failed or Pending replications will be automatically retried without user interaction. This means the user experience while waiting for a successful project replication is improved as the replication finishes in the background.

### Improved Azure Project Access response
**Audience:** User


#### Description
If there are problems during Azure Project access the backend now returns a more detailed error message for the user.

