---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.44.1
---

Release period: 2020-11-26 to 2020-12-02

This release includes the following issues:
* Add support for email addresses with long domains
* Improves assigned Azure Blueprints detection
* Enhance JSON Schema default value handling
* Customizable Payment Methods
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Add support for email addresses with long domains
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
Users with email addresses ending in long domains were being rejected.

### Improves assigned Azure Blueprints detection
**Audience:** User, Partner, Operator
**Component:** azure


#### Description
Previously if a Blueprint was set up with the wrong cased typing in a Landing Zone, an existing assignment
was not correctly detected and meshStack tried to re-apply the Blueprint. This resulted in a stuck Blueprint assignment.
meshStack now detects the assignment regardless of cases. It also adds a system remark to the
affected tenant replication to make the user aware of the condition.

### Enhance JSON Schema default value handling
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
When defining a JSON schema for the marketplace or for meshObject tags, values had been set to an empty string
in the past if the text was cleared completely. This is now limited to properties with a default value only.
Additionally only freetext widgets are considered. This is required as otherwise, the default value would be shown
again, when the freetext field is cleared. This is available since v7.44.0.

### Customizable Payment Methods
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
Customizable Tags can now be defined on Payment Methods per meshStack instance. A JSON schema defines which fields
have to be entered for the Tags. Dependencies between fields, validation patterns, etc can be defined.
Additionally the required Payment Method field "Payment Method Type" has been removed. 
You can now tailor the payment methods to the needs of your organization. This is available since v7.44.0.

