---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.43.0
---

Release period: 2020-11-11 to 2020-11-23

This release includes the following issues:
* Improved error message for project access
* Removed dialog during project creation
* Fix case-insensitive current member determination
* Shows actual replicated platform tags
* Create, Change and Delete meshPolicies
* Fix for meshObjectCollection deletion endpoint
* Fix skipping approval for self-assignment
* Declarative deletion of meshCustomerUserGroups
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improved error message for project access
**Audience:** User, Operator
**Component:** gcp


#### Description
Improves the error message which could appear on project access
if no user was found on the project.

### Removed dialog during project creation
**Audience:** Customer
**Component:** release-note


#### Description
We've removed the additional dialog to allow user/group access during the project creation. Now user/group will be automatically added to the table view.

### Fix case-insensitive current member determination
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** replicator


#### Description
Current members of a group in a cloud platform like GCP and Azure was not determined in a case-insensitive way.
That is an issue if the case of the email address in the Enterprise IdP was different from the one used in the platform.
This led to the user being assigned correctly in the platform, but access to the meshTenant via meshPanel
was not possible. This has been fixed now.

### Shows actual replicated platform tags
**Audience:** User, Partner
**Component:** web


#### Description
Since cloud platforms have different requirements for tag values, meshStack adapts
tag keys and values to the requirements of every platform. To give the user feedback about
actual replicated platform tags we now show these tags in the project edit screen, project dashboards
and also in the admin area in the tenant details view.

### Create, Change and Delete meshPolicies
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** panel


#### Description
meshPolicies can now be created, edited and deleted by partner admins in the partner area.

### Fix for meshObjectCollection deletion endpoint
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
A bug has been removed that would return a non-formatted error message
for the meshObjectCollection deletion endpoint. It appeared in case
a meshObjectCollection can not be deleted because it is not empty.

### Fix skipping approval for self-assignment
**Audience:** Customer
**Component:** release-note


#### Description
If 4 eyes-principle is activated in a meshStack instance and only two Customer Admins are assigned to a meshCustomer, one of them was able to change his/her project role without an approval from the other one. This behavior has been fixed so an approval is now necessary by the second Customer Admin.

### Declarative deletion of meshCustomerUserGroups
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshCustomerUserGroups that were part of a meshObjectCollection for a previous meshObject import call
will now be removed from the meshObjectCollection and deleted during re-import, if they are not specified again.

