---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.5.0
---

Release period: 2020-01-31 to 2020-02-04

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Usage Report Generation for huge amount of tenants
* Optional marketplace permission replication to AAD
* User interface improvements for the tenant dashboard
* Service instance and binding creation via API
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Usage Report Generation for huge amount of tenants
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** kraken


#### Description
If lots of tenants are active within a month in a cloud platform the tenant usage report generation failed
eventually due to the large amount of data that was processed. This has been fixed now.

### Optional marketplace permission replication to AAD
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** replicator


#### Description
Operators can now configure meshStack to replicate marketplaces-roles for meshProjects to AAD.
This enables service owners to leverage AAD for user authentication on service broker dashboards.

#### How to use
Please review the operator documentation for more details and configuration options.

### User interface improvements for the tenant dashboard
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Replaced placeholder for announced and upcoming metrics.
Notifications for meshLocations spanning multiple meshPlatforms are now shown outside the metrics chart frame.
Improved responsiveness of dashboard view for smaller resolutions.

### Service instance and binding creation via API
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
Service instances and bindings for OSB services can be created via the API (see API docs in your meshcloud installation)
or from yaml files located in a repository that is scanned regularly by meshStack.

