---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.8.0
---

Release period: 2020-02-28 to 2020-03-10

This release includes the following issues:
* Improved user message when StackSet operation is in progress
* Usage reports and chargeback statements (AWS)
* Fixed administrator role request approval
* Platform Role mapping can be controlled via Landing Zones
* Improved metering raw-data cleanup
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improved user message when StackSet operation is in progress
**Audience:** User
**Component:** aws


#### Description
Only one AWS CloudFormation StackSet operation can be in progress at a time. Updating another StackSet
will fail until the first AWS CloudFormation StackSet operation is finished. The returned error message now points
out that this is a temporary problem.

### Usage reports and chargeback statements (AWS)
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
You can now see the usage reports for the AWS platform. The usage reports include information about
the AWS resources used in the meshTenant. For each line item from the report we take the effective cost when available and unblended cost otherwise.
More information can be found in the <a href="https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshstack.aws.metering.html">AWS metering documentation</a>.

#### How to use
On the administration sidebar, under usage reports, you will now be able to see usage reports for the AWS
platform. Furthermore, you can see the AWS usage reports within chargeback statements.

### Fixed administrator role request approval
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** release-note


#### Description
While role request approval we check if the current user is customer admin. We improved the handling of users having multiple meshRoles while approving role requests.

### Platform Role mapping can be controlled via Landing Zones
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
The mapping between meshRoles and platform roles can now be controlled via a Landing Zone setting for Azure and AWS. For more information
check the documentation for these platform Landing Zones.

### Improved metering raw-data cleanup
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** kraken


#### Description
meshStack now clears metering raw-data that is no longer needed more aggressively.
This change significantly reduces storage requirements for metering data, depending
on the size of your meshStack by a few 100 GiBs.

