---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.6.0
---

Release period: 2020-02-05 to 2020-02-07

This release includes the following issues:
* Improve configuration options for meshCustomer registration
* Support for hierachical AWS Org Units
* Optional authentication for all pages
* Default parameters are send to Azure Function calls
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improve configuration options for meshCustomer registration
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator


#### Description
Operators now have more options to configure self-service registration of new meshCustomers.
In particular they can explicitly configure new meshCustomers to require approval by their meshPartner
before the account is enabled.

#### How to use
Please see the documentation for a detailed list of the configuration options and their effects.
This change removes self-service verification of meshCustomer accounts using an email confirmation link sent to a
Customer Admin. We instead advise meshStack operators that allow self-service customer registration to 
configure either partner-approval or auto-approval for newly registered meshCustomers.

### Support for hierachical AWS Org Units
**Audience:** Partner, Operator
**Component:** aws


#### Description
Adds support to place AWS Accounts in hierachical Organizational Units via the OU ID. You can also place accounts in a AWS Root.

#### How to use
As an Operator or Partner create an AWS Landing Zone which has setup an Org Unit ID. OU IDs start with ou-*. You can also add
AWS roots as targets, their ID starts with r-*.

### Optional authentication for all pages
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** panel


#### Description
Authentication can optionally be required for all pages that are currently public by default (i.e. release notes).

### Default parameters are send to Azure Function calls
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** azure


#### Description
When you define an Azure Function in a Landing Zone a set of default parameters are now given when the function is called.
For more information please see the Azure Landing Zone documentation.

