---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.10.0
---

Release period: 2020-03-20 to 2020-03-26

This release includes the following issues:
* Allow disabling of AWS Account Alias
* Information about meshTenants status on project dashboard
* Enables parameters for GCP CloudFunctions
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Allow disabling of AWS Account Alias
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** aws


#### Description
When there are existing AWS accounts integrated and an already existing account alias should be kept instead of beeing overwritten, an option was added to keep existing aliases during meshProject replication.

#### How to use
The flag enforceAccountAlias must be set to false in the deployment configuration. For more information see the AWS platform documentation.

### Information about meshTenants status on project dashboard
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
On the project dashboard page, the replication status is shown for each meshTenant. The replication status is one of
'Failed', 'Successful', 'Pending' or "Not Started"

#### How to use
Select a project from the list of projects to go to the project dashboard page. For each meshTenant,
you will see the replication status and a timestamp which shows the time the tenant was last updated.

### Enables parameters for GCP CloudFunctions
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** gcp


#### Description
During the call of the GCP CloudFunction the usual parameters are now delivered via HTTP header.
For more information about the available header parameter check the GCP Landing Zone documentation.

#### How to use
Add a GCP Cloud Function in a GCP Landing Zone via its URL. During meshProject replication this function will be invoked.
For the usable parameters see the GCP Landing Zone documentation.

