---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.14.0
---

Release period: 2020-04-08 to 2020-04-20

This release includes the following issues:
* Option to disable user acceptance for invite
* Dashboard card header layout change
* Customizable Connectivity Error description
* Deletion of projects with OpenStack Heat stacks
* Correct totals for AWS usage reports
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Option to disable user acceptance for invite
**Audience:** Customer, User
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
A configuration has been added to disable, that a user has to accept an invite to a meshCustomer.

### Dashboard card header layout change
**Audience:** User


#### Description
The header was changed for the cards in the project dashboard.
The platform name and replication status are now shown in different lines.
Now the platform name is fully visible and not hidden by the replicaton status in low resolution screens.

### Customizable Connectivity Error description
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** panel


#### Description
A configuration variable definining the error message for connectivity errors was incorrectly marked as optional in the meshStack configuration model.
This could cause an "undefined" description message to appear in meshPanel.

#### How to use
Operators must now provide the mandatory `panel.ui.connectivityError` configuration variable. Please consult the documentation for more details.

### Deletion of projects with OpenStack Heat stacks
**Audience:** User
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
Projects with OpenStack Heat stacks that are completely deleted can now be deleted. Previously these projects would indicate that existing Heat resources were inhibiting project deletion.

### Correct totals for AWS usage reports
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
In the past we missed some line items of services which led to inconsistent tenant usage reports and chargeback statements.
This fix solves the problem of the AWS usage reports and future chargeback statement totals being incorrect.

