---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.70.0
---

Release period: 2021-05-19 to 2021-05-26

This release includes the following issues:
* Enable to reuse usernames
* Fix mCUG not being assignable when identifier is duplicate
* Rename Admin Area menu entries for Service Brokers
* No Tenant Fee for unmanaged Tenants
* Pending replications shows blue info
* Switch to latest Azure role assignment API
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Enable to reuse usernames
**Audience:** Customer
**Component:** release-note


#### Description
We make it possible for you to reuse the username. Therefore you can invite a user with a username which once belonged to a deleted user or reinvite him/her with the same username once he/she has been deleted.

### Fix mCUG not being assignable when identifier is duplicate
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
We fixed a bug where a meshCustomerUserGroup (mCUG) of which its identifier existed more than once
in the system was not assignable to customer and project roles. When designing your organization in meshstack,
always keep in mind that the meshCustomerUserGroups are designed to be unique per meshCustomer,
and not on a global level.

### Rename Admin Area menu entries for Service Brokers
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** panel


#### Description
The menu entries for managing Service Brokers in the Admin Area sidebar have been renamed.
You can now find Service Brokers under Marketplace -> Service Brokers.

### No Tenant Fee for unmanaged Tenants
**Audience:** User


#### Description
meshStack already had the ability to charge a tenant fee on a tenant. This change will ensure that the tenant fee
will not be charged on unmanaged tenants. In other words, the tenant fee will no longer show up in the Tenant
Usage Reports of unmanaged tenants. This change affects all three cloud platforms for which a tenant fee is supported,
namely, AWS, GCP and Azure.

### Pending replications shows blue info
**Audience:** User


#### Description
When accessing a platform and replication is still pending an info is shown. Previously pending replications were displayed as errors.

### Switch to latest Azure role assignment API
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
Certain built-in Azure roles were unable to get managed via the older API version. To support the latest
Azure roles, the API version was updated.

