---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.69.0
---

Release period: 2021-05-12 to 2021-05-19

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix alias name issue with new Azure EA Subscription API
* Fixes issue in metrics based metering
* Unmanaged Tenants no longer contain meshTenants
* Complete audit trail for meshProject role changes
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix alias name issue with new Azure EA Subscription API
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
Fixes an issue where illegal characters in the Subscription Alias name could lead to failure of 
creating new Subscriptions via the new Azure Enterprise Agreement API.

### Fixes issue in metrics based metering
**Audience:** User


#### Description
There was an issue in the metrics based marketplace metering area which caused the data collection to fail when a service
had multiple metrics resources with the same metric type. This has been fixed. Additionally, a change has been
made to make sure that we only start certain metering data collections from two months ago, which reduces the amount
of data that will be collected in the first collection run.

### Unmanaged Tenants no longer contain meshTenants
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Whenever platform tenants are collected (e.g. Azure subscriptions), the system now checks
if any of these were unmanaged tenants before but were converted into meshTenants in the meantime.
This issue could occur when using the meshObject Import API for importing
an unmanaged tenant into a meshProject. The list of unmanaged tenants
in the Admin area no longer contains these meshTenants.

### Complete audit trail for meshProject role changes
**Audience:** User


#### Description
There were some actions that were not present in the audit trail for meshProject role assignments and removal. These are now transparent and
the complete audit trail for meshProject role changes can be seen in the project history on a per user basis as well as per group basis.
Additionally, the role changes are sent to the users via email if emails are enabled.

