---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.78.0
---

Release period: 2021-07-19 to 2021-07-21

This release includes the following issues:
* Improvements to GCP metering & billing
* Fix redirect for partners creating customers
* Fixes duplicate Azure Subscription groups
* Customer access control during registration
* AWS Control Tower integration
* Result code field for meshObject import API
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improvements to GCP metering & billing
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
Previously, meshStack collected the GCP billing data available in Big Query as is, without performing any summarization.
This proved to be too much of a load to the meshStack and the database. Because of this, we now perform a daily aggregation
in Big Query, before we import the data into meshStack.
This change makes the GCP metering implementation more robust and able to handle higher amounts of usage data coming
from GCP.

### Fix redirect for partners creating customers
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
Partners will no longer be redirected to the external customer registration page if it was configured. They will be redirected to the customer registration in the panel instead.

### Fixes duplicate Azure Subscription groups
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
If meshstack replicated a tenant that had both a Azure marketplace as well as an Azure 
platform configured it could happen that duplicate user groups were created on a Subscription. 
The replication process will cleanup those duplicates now.

### Customer access control during registration
**Audience:** Customer, User, Partner, Operator


#### Description
We've introduced the additional customer registration step to control the access of users. As of now, only the customer owner can be assigned. In a future update, it will also be possible to assign Customer Admins & Customer Employees.

### AWS Control Tower integration
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
AWS platforms can now be configured in a way that the associated AWS Accounts (meshTenants) will be
enrolled with an existing AWS Control Tower environment. With the enrollment approach, account creation
will still be meshStack's responsibility and not delegated to the Account Factory. Instead, Account Factory
will only be used to enroll the account to AWS Control Tower. To perform enrollment, meshStack needs the
management account id and the productId of the Account Factory Product in AWS Service Catalog.
Details can be found here:
https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshstack.aws.landing-zones.html#aws-control-tower-integration

### Result code field for meshObject import API
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
There is a new field 'resultCode' that is included in the response of the meshObject import API
for each meshObject. The purpose of this field is to provide a defined code in addition to the
'status' and 'message' fields. Currently there are two defined result codes, CUSTOMER_NOT_FOUND and
PROJECT_NOT_FOUND. They indicate failure whenever a specified meshCustomer or meshProject could not
be found during the import of another meshObject.

