---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.102.0
---

Release period: 2021-12-09 to 2021-12-15

This release includes the following issues:
* Project control plane with Resource Check and Deletion
* Tenant caching improvement
* Cleaner project creation flow
* Redirect to new project after creation
* Improved Platform Access Navigation
* Rename display name of meshProjects
* Prevention of non-existing expiration dates
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Project control plane with Resource Check and Deletion
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
As a Customer Admin, you can now delete your project under 'Settings' in the 'Danger Zone' tab and list your resources in the 'General' tab. The former buttons in overview of projects located in the Account Area will lead you to the according tabs.

### Tenant caching improvement
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
We've introduced the tenant control plane during the recent weeks. We now did some improvements in the background as a preparation to also make tenants of projects you are not assigned to accessible via the control planes. As a result of this refactoring you will now also see a loader when the tenant control plane is loading.

### Cleaner project creation flow
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
When creating a new project you are no longer redirected to the Account Area, but a modal opens instead.
This makes the project creation flow more focused and reduces distraction from the various menu items in the Account Area.
Additionally, we moved the wizard steps to the left of the screen so they are more easily visible.

### Redirect to new project after creation
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Previously when creating a new project you would be redirected to the projects overview page.
To make the user experience better and reduce the amount of clicks a user has to take we now
redirect the user immediately to the newly created project.

### Improved Platform Access Navigation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
In order to provide a more intuitive structure in the Tenant Platform Access screens, the Tools
section has been removed and all menu items below it can now be found on the top of the menu under
a section that is named like the platform. Additionally the URLs of the screens in that area have
been improved.

### Rename display name of meshProjects
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
It is now possible to rename the display name of your meshProject.
To do so, open the project in the new project control plane and navigate to 'Settings -> General'.
In this screen you will be able to enter a new name and save your changes.

### Prevention of non-existing expiration dates
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Now users can not add invalid or non-existing expiration dates in the payment method form. To prevent wrong dates being set the field will get reset and a valid date can be picked.
when trying to set an invalid date.

