---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.58.0
---

Release period: 2021-03-03 to 2021-03-09

This release includes the following issues:
* AWS metering configuration to specify line item types
* Remove deleted meshTenants from Tenants view
* Increased maximum message length
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### AWS metering configuration to specify line item types
**Audience:** User


#### Description
AWS metering can now be configured to specify which line item types from
AWS Cost and Usage Reports should be considered in the calculation. In addition, it is also possible to specify if you would like the AWS
provided discounts to be considered in the calculation or not. Please refer to meshcloud public documentation for
details on which costs will be taken for each line item type. Any changes to these configuration options will be done
by meshcloud upon request.

### Remove deleted meshTenants from Tenants view
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** releasenotes


#### Description
Since the recent restructuring of the meshTenants there was an issue
that already removed meshTenants would still be listed in the Tenants
view within the Platforms section. The deletion process has been corrected,
so removed meshTenants would no longer show up there.

### Increased maximum message length
**Audience:** Customer, Partner
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
Messages to meshCustomers sent by Partners can now be longer than before. The new maximum length is 2000 characters including spaces.
For longer messages we also added a "Read More"-Button for a better reading experience.

