---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.99.0
---

Release period: 2021-11-17 to 2021-11-24

This release includes the following issues:
* Correct date labels for key performance indicators
* Improves access information for AKS
* Fix OpenStack CloudResource Terminated Status
* Landing Zone fee based on meshLandingZone identifier
* Fix user invitation link in 'Manage Project'
* Prevent duplicate Azure Subscription creation via legacy API
* Fixes form validation for Landing Zones
* Remove Groups menu item for non-Partner Admins
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Correct date labels for key performance indicators
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Fixes a bug where the first data point in key performance indicator charts was labelled incorrectly with the wrong date.

### Improves access information for AKS
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Now the panel shows the proper login procedure for an AKS based Kubernetes platform.

### Fix OpenStack CloudResource Terminated Status
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
In rare cases, OpenStack CloudResources for Nova Servers have not been set correctly to the Terminated status.
This has been fixed now and already existing Cloud Resources with this issue are also fixed by this release.

### Landing Zone fee based on meshLandingZone identifier
**Audience:** User


#### Description
meshStack already had the capability to charge a fee on the meshTenant based on the meshLandingZone that was assigned.
This fee was based on the name of the meshLandingZone, which caused the fee to not be applied when the name changed.
With this release, we add the capability to base the Landing Zone Fee on the recently introduced meshLandingZone
identifier which cannot be changed after the meshLandingZone is created. This means that any changes to meshLandingZone
will not affect the Landing Zone fee.

### Fix user invitation link in 'Manage Project'
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
When trying to invite someone in the Project access control screen, you would end up on a 'not found' page. This issue is now fixed and you are redirected to the right page in the customer control plane.

### Prevent duplicate Azure Subscription creation via legacy API
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
This fixes a communication error happening with the legacy Azure Subscription creation API,
that could lead to a double Subscription creation in rare cases.

### Fixes form validation for Landing Zones
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Fixes the form validation and improves Save button behavior when editing a 
Landing Zone and setting up platform role mappings.

### Remove Groups menu item for non-Partner Admins
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
The 'Groups' menu item in the Administration area was visible for all partner users even though this screen
only shows information for Partner Admins. To fix the issue, we now hide the menu item
if the user is not logged in as a Partner Admin.

