---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.51.0
---

Release period: 2021-01-20 to 2021-01-27

This release includes the following issues:
* Fixes display bug for payment method details
* Gauges implementation for metrics based marketplace metering
* Fix Marketplace metering periodic counter implementation
* Marketplace metering sampling counter implementation
* meshProject tags are now optional during import
* meshCustomer Deletion
* Look up tag name availabilty upfront
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fixes display bug for payment method details
**Audience:** User
**Component:** panel


#### Description
Fixes the display bug of the usage amount graph inside the payment method detail screen. 
It occurred if multiple projects were assigned to the same payment method.

### Gauges implementation for metrics based marketplace metering
**Audience:** User


#### Description
You now have the option of charging a marketplace service instance usage based on gauge metrics. Any resource usage that can both increase
or decrease can be modeled as a gauge metric. Some examples would be current hard disk usage by a database instance,
or the number of users currently registered to use the service instance. The final charges for this kind of resource
usage will appear as line items in the tenant usage reports.

#### How to use
The service definition in the service catalog needs to be extended to indicate that metrics are supported, and you have to implement a service
that would expose the gauge metrics. More details can be found in the
<a href="https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshstack.meshmarketplace.metrics-metering.html#gauges">public documentation/a>.

### Fix Marketplace metering periodic counter implementation
**Audience:** User
**Component:** releasenotes


#### Description
There was a problem with periodic counter data points that were skipped under certain conditions.
This fix repairs this behavior in a way that all relevant periodic counters are evaluated.

### Marketplace metering sampling counter implementation
**Audience:** User
**Component:** rn


#### Description
The possibility of charging resources consumed by service instances by exposing metrics
from the service broker has been extended to also support sampling counters in addition to the
periodic counter metrics that have been released before.

#### How to use
One example use-case for the sampling counter would be an API Gateway Service where you would like to charge the service
usage based on the number of API requests executed while you only keep track of the total requests made.
Please refer to the <a href="https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshstack.meshmarketplace.metering.html">Marketplace metering </a>
section in the public documentation for the details on how to extend your service broker to expose metrics.

### meshProject tags are now optional during import
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
The API documentation indicates that the 'tags' property of a meshProject is optional when doing an import.
However, this was not the case when doing the import before, and the import API is now fixed to allow this behavior.

### meshCustomer Deletion
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
It is now possible to delete a meshCustomer. The deletion can be performed only by the Customer Owners! Before a
meshCustomer is deleted, a check is performed to make sure all meshProjects and published Service Brokers have been
deleted. meshCustomers will be soft-deleted, so meshPartners can still see deleted meshCustomers and their events as
well as payment methods in the Admin Area. Deleted meshCustomers and meshPaymentMethods will be highlighted accordingly.

#### How to use
As a Customer Owner, you can find the new "Delete" button on the "General" screen in the Customer Area. You will
be asked for confirmation and a deletion reason when you click the button.

### Look up tag name availabilty upfront
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** releasenotes


#### Description
The availability of a tag name will be checked during the creation providing the user an immediate
feedback about duplicate existing tag names. This will prevent any attempts to create a tag definition
with an already used tag name.

