---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.81.0
---

Release period: 2021-08-04 to 2021-08-11

This release includes the following issues:
* Improved Error Message during meshProject Import
* Templates now supported with OpenShift 4
* Get your meshUsers via the API
* Plaform integration via config
* Improved error handling of failed AWS SSO account assignment
* Fix policy violation message showing empty values
* Improved awareness of failing service broker metrics calls
* Made it more clear that project identifiers are immutable
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improved Error Message during meshProject Import
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
The meshObject API now returns a meaningful error message when importing a meshProject fails due to a meshCustomer
quota violation. This situation can occur when the meshCustomer has too many projects and exceeds the
meshProject limit quota.

### Templates now supported with OpenShift 4
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
OpenShift Templates defined in a Landing Zone are now also correctly applied to OpenShift 4 clusters.
With OpenShift 4 an API endpoint meshStack used to apply templates has been removed. meshStack now uses
the template.openshift.io v1 API. This change is backward compatible for OpenShift 3.

### Get your meshUsers via the API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Retrieve all meshUsers via the API and filter them by their meshCustomer, their meshProject and their roles via the corresponding role name. You can find the role names in the regarding Access Control Section in the panel. You can also filter them by the platform they have access to. To do so, you need to provide the corresponding identifier of the platform which can be found under "Platform Identifier" on the meshPlatforms page.

### Plaform integration via config
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
With this change meshStack is able to load platform configuration at startup time. Potentially existing
locations and platforms will be checked against the specified configuration and modified accordingly.
New locations and platforms will be created, if applicable. Also unwanted locations and platforms
will be deleted. This will simplify and speed up future platform integrations. Currently marketplace
platforms cannot yet be configured this way.

### Improved error handling of failed AWS SSO account assignment
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
If an account assignment via AWS SSO failed, it could happen that the failure was not visible
in the replication result. This has been fixed now and an according detailed message is available
in the replication result so operators know how to resolve the underlying issue.

### Fix policy violation message showing empty values
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner


#### Description
It could happen that a policy violation message would mention that a tag value was set to "(none)", even though there is an actual tag value set. This is now fixed and the policy violations message will show the accurate tag values.

### Improved awareness of failing service broker metrics calls
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
meshcloud will be actively informed about problems occuring for a longer time when calling
service broker metric endpoints. That way issues can be handled in time before chargeback
statements are generated. This will prevent potentially missing some service broker metrics
in the chargeback statements. We will reach out to the cloud foundation team when this situation occurs.

### Made it more clear that project identifiers are immutable
**Audience:** User


#### Description
In the project creation wizard, the description has been changed to make it more clear that a project identifier
is immutable and that it cannot be changed after creating the project. This should make more users aware that changing
a project identifier is not possible.

