---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.50.0
---

Release period: 2021-01-14 to 2021-01-20

This release includes the following issues:
* localId on meshTenant import supports all platforms
* Google Cloud Platform project names configurable
* Identity Connector imports all users in a group
* Fixes the Policies page not loading
* Tags within seller usage report csv export
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### localId on meshTenant import supports all platforms
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** repli


#### Description
If a localId was set during meshObject import it was formerly only used to adopt existing AWS accounts.
This functionality was now extended for all supported platforms. Discovery of existing cloud platform projects 
via matching their name was removed. Providing the localId during meshTenant import is now the only supported
option to adopt existing tenants into meshStack.

### Google Cloud Platform project names configurable
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
As with GCP project identifiers, the names for new GCP projects can now be adjusted in your meshstack's dhall config.

### Identity Connector imports all users in a group
**Audience:** User


#### Description
There was an issue in the identity connector meshCustomer Group synchronisation which caused only one user to be imported per group.
The issue has been fixed with this release and all users within a group will be imported from the LDAP server into meshStack.

### Fixes the Policies page not loading
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Previously, accessing the Policies page as Customer Admin resulted in an error and the page did not load.
This problem is fixed and now you can view the policies as Customer Admins.

### Tags within seller usage report csv export
**Audience:** Customer
**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Its possible to define tags which should be included into the csv export of seller usage reports. This configuration is optional.

