---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.90.0
---

Release period: 2021-10-06 to 2021-10-13

This release includes the following issues:
* Azure metering skips unsupported subscriptions
* Improved UX of AWS SSO integration
* Customer access control in customer dashboard
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Azure metering skips unsupported subscriptions
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Azure documentation specifies
<a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/costs/understand-cost-mgt-data#supported-microsoft-azure-offers"> Offer Types</a>
which do not support Azure Cost Management. Calling the Azure Cost Management API on such subscriptions results in an error.
Because of this, we now filter out subscriptions which do not support the Azure Cost Management API.

### Improved UX of AWS SSO integration
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
UX of managing role mappings in AWS Landing Zones has been improved by providing clearer information and restrictions
of input fields. Additionally messages of replication errors have been improved, if creation of a group in AWS SSO failed.

### Customer access control in customer dashboard
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
We've integrated the customer access control page into the redesigned customer entry page. The customer access control is no longer available within the account area. If you press the access control sidebar entry then you'll be automatically redirected to the new view. Be aware that we will incrementally release more and more features in the new UI design in the coming weeks.

