---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.87.0
---

Release period: 2021-09-15 to 2021-09-22

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix "no user and group found" in Project Access Control
* Fix duplicate users in user lookup due to attribute order
* Fixes loosing GCP project association during creation
* Project CSV export contains deleted tenants
* Fix Customer export with empty groups
* Multiline meshLandingZone description
* Improved customer access control
* Dedicated access control in administration area
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix "no user and group found" in Project Access Control
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
You can now search users and groups in the Project Access Control Section again. Due to a bug, groups and also users who are members of groups could not be found.

### Fix duplicate users in user lookup due to attribute order
**Audience:** User


#### Description
The Identity Lookup, when configured, will look up users from two sources: the meshStack database and the configured
enterprise user directory. If the two sources find a user with the same username or email, that user will be considered
the same user. This comparison gave priority to the email if it was available and this resulted in some users being
listed twice if the user had different emails assigned in the two sources. Now both username and email are given equal
priority and if either the username or the email matches, the two found users will be considered to be the same user.
This fixes the issue of duplicate users showing up in the identity lookup.

### Fixes loosing GCP project association during creation
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
Fixes a rare condition of the replicator loosing track of a created GCP project. 
This could only happen if the replication process was interrupted for a longer period of time during GCP project creation.

### Project CSV export contains deleted tenants
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
This fixes an issue that prevented already deleted tenants to be included in the CSV export of meshCustomer projects.
This behavior is now consistent again with the earlier export functionality.

### Fix Customer export with empty groups
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
This fixes a bug that prevented the meshCustomer export in the admin area from working if a meshCustomer
with an empty user group existed.

### Multiline meshLandingZone description
**Audience:** User


#### Description
When creating or editing a meshLandingZone, you can now specify a multiline description. This description will be shown
in a multiline format when a user assigns a meshLandingZone to a tenant. This allows you to better communicate
landing zone related information to the users of meshStack.

### Improved customer access control
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
The customer access control was improved regarding the look and the interaction. Less steps are required to manage the assignments. Therefore, it's no longer necessary to press the save button after a customer role was changed.

### Dedicated access control in administration area
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Partner admins now have the ability to control their access in the administration area. This makes it faster to manage access control in the partner account, as opposed to navigating to the 'Account' area. In a future release, we will remove the account area from the administration area.

