---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.123.0
---

Release period: 2022-05-18 to 2022-05-25

This release includes the following issues:
* Azure cost item collection improvements
* Fixes edge-case in customer deletion
* Carbon Footprint data for GCP
* Sanitize slashes in OpenShift labels
* Load optimization on the notification service
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Azure cost item collection improvements
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
This change fixes multiple issues with the Azure cost item collection feature. A new aggregation mode significantly 
speeds up the collection progress (as a result of this the Azure related usage reports are more compact now).
In certain environments the Azure API was not responding as expected and missed 
required properties. That has led to collection failures or incomplete collections for certain subscriptions. 
Removing the need for this property enables successful collection again.

### Fixes edge-case in customer deletion
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
In some cases, if users that never really used meshStack were assigned to a meshCustomer, 
deletion of the meshCustomer cases failed. This issue is now resolved.

### Carbon Footprint data for GCP
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
It is now possible for GCP platforms to export carbon footprint data.
This data will appear on Tenant Usage Reports and inform about the relevant costs in terms of 
CO2 equivalents. (kgCO2e) You can enable this by exporting the carbon footprint data into BigQuery
within GCP by following this guide: https://cloud.google.com/carbon-footprint/docs/export
Afterwards you can enable this for meshStack by configuring the "BigQuery Table For CO2e" in
the respective platform configuration settings.

### Sanitize slashes in OpenShift labels
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
OpenShift only supports a certain subset of characters for label keys and values. In some cases, slashes are not supported.
The rules that are applied to sanitize slashes have been improved in meshStack so only labels that are accepted by OpenShift are replicated.
Additionally, error messages shown to operators for failed tag replications have been extended to provide more
details in cases like these.

### Load optimization on the notification service
**Audience:** User


#### Description
In order to optimize the load on the notification service we reduced the user sync interval.
Changes to user and customer assignments that affect notification receptions will now take up
to 24h to have an effect.

