---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.146.0
---

Release period: 2022-11-09 to 2022-11-16

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix unresponsive meshPanel
* Fixed admin area projects not showing
* meshCustomerUserGroup filtering via API
* Extend Service Broker Info in Admin Area
* Increased robustness of service instance creation
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix unresponsive meshPanel
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
A bug that lead to a unusual high load on the backend, if a project with a lot
of assigned users (>100) existed was fixed.

### Fixed admin area projects not showing
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
In a previous release a bug was introduced where some projects of a customer would not be visible in the admin area. This is now fixed.

### meshCustomerUserGroup filtering via API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
meshCustomers and meshUsers can now be filtered by meshCustomerUserGroup. That way you can get the meshCustomer a
certain meshCustomerUserGroup belongs to. You can also get all users who are member of a certain meshCustomerUserGroup.
meshCustomerUserGroups can now be filtered by meshCustomer or meshUser. This allows you to get all 
meshCustomerUserGroups of a certain meshCustomer or all meshCustomerUserGroups a certain meshUser is member of.

### Extend Service Broker Info in Admin Area
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Service broker logs and provisioned service broker plans are now visible from the admin area.
In addition, the service broker view from the admin area now includes an additional column
to see which customer the service broker belongs to.

### Increased robustness of service instance creation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
When selecting services for cloud platforms during project creation, some error cases are now handled in a more robust way.

