---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.104.0
---

Release period: 2021-12-20 to 2022-01-10

This release includes the following issues:
* Tenant platform number for Cloud Functions and Lambdas
* Improvements for Chargeback Statement generation
* Completion of Customer Navigation Overhaul
* Customer Admin can access all projects via navigation bar
* Show more than 50 payment methods in selection
* Fix duplicate user groups showing with multiple bindings
* Remove yourself from meshCustomers
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Tenant platform number for Cloud Functions and Lambdas
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The previously introduced sequence number for tenants on a platform is now also
exposed for Lambdas/Cloud Functions for AWS, GCP and Azure.

### Improvements for Chargeback Statement generation
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We improved the internal generation of Chargeback Statements
so that it is easier to monitor the process and detect possible
issues.

### Completion of Customer Navigation Overhaul
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
All new and existing functionality for customer, project, and tenant management can now be found in the new control planes. As a final step, all product functionality that became obsolete in the meantime has now been removed. This mainly entails the 'Account Area' and all of its screens.

### Customer Admin can access all projects via navigation bar
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
As a Customer Admin, you can now navigate to all projects via the navigation bar at the top, even if you are not assigned to the project. Besides that we've improved the tenants overview in the project control plane. You can now also see information about the landing zone and replication status as a Customer Admin who is not assigned to the project.

### Show more than 50 payment methods in selection
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
While adding or editing a payment method on the project level, the selection showed a maximum of 50 payment methods in the selection.
In the case of editing the payment method when more than 50 payment methods are present in your meshCustomer, the assigned payment method appeared as not assigned to the project. This is now fixed.

### Fix duplicate user groups showing with multiple bindings
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
When a meshCustomerUserGroup has multiple bindings (e.g. Customer Employee & Customer Admin), the 'User Groups'
section in the customer control plane would show the user group twice. This is now fixed and the user group
is only shown once.

### Remove yourself from meshCustomers
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
Users with Customer Owner or Customer Admin role can now remove a binding to a meshCustomer for
themselves in case another binding (user or group) with the same role still exists.

