---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.150.0
---

Release period: 2022-12-07 to 2022-12-14

This release includes the following issues:
* Sorting and Filtering for Admin Project Overview
* Additional User lookup options for Azure and GCD
* Project Overview screen
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Sorting and Filtering for Admin Project Overview
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We introduced filtering and sorting capabilities to the Project Overview screen 
in the Admin area. This allows you to filter and sort by project, customer, status, and payment.

#### How to use
Navigate to Projects > Project Overview within the Admin area. There you can apply filters
as necessary.

### Additional User lookup options for Azure and GCD
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
This adds the experimental feature of looking up users with their externalId user property in GCD and
onPremiseSamAccountName in Azure. The same value must configured as the EUID in the meshUser entity for
these lookups to work.
For more information regarding EUIDs, check the documentation of the platform configurations for 
<a href="https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshstack.azure.index.html#external-user-ids-euid">Azure</a> 
and <a href="https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshstack.gcp.index.html#cloud-identity-setup">GCD</a>.

#### How to use
In the Azure and GCP platform configuration in the Admin area the new user lookup strategy can be setup in the replicator section.

### Project Overview screen
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
There is a new menu item in the Admin area called "Project Overview". It links to a new
screen that lists all meshProjects of all meshCustomers in an overview together with the
respective meshProject status, the assigned payment method and the platform instances.
Furthermore, the previous "Deleted Projects" screen has been removed in favor of the recently
introduced "Deleted Tenants" screen, that resides within the Platforms submenu.

