---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.107.0
---

Release period: 2022-01-26 to 2022-02-02

This release includes the following issues:
* meshPlatform creation in self-service
* View all projects when customers have 250+ projects
* Explicit explanation of customer & project access
* Provider Info on Tenant Control Plane
* Azure landing zones can be changed again
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### meshPlatform creation in self-service
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
New meshPlatforms can now be created via the "Create meshPlatform" button on the meshPlatforms screen
in the Admin Area.

#### How to use
Currently you can provide basic information of the meshPlatform here. Detailed Configuration
of the meshPlatform must be done by meshcloud at the moment. This will also be possible in self-service soon.
What you can achieve with the current functionality is already defining meshLandingZones for the created meshPlatform
or create meshTenants for this meshPlatform. A successful replication or metering of meshTenants can only be
performed if the configuration by meshcloud has been finalized. Editing existing meshPlatforms will be available
soon.

### View all projects when customers have 250+ projects
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
As a Customer Admin, you have not been able to access some of the projects in the panel, if your customer has more than 250 projects. This has been fixed.

### Explicit explanation of customer & project access
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
We have learned that some users struggle to understand the two levels of access we have on the meshCustomer &
meshProject level. To make that easier, we added an info box in each access control screen to explain the difference.
This should prevent users from being confused when they are assigned to the customer but do not have platform access.

### Provider Info on Tenant Control Plane
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Some provider info like a link to a support website and a description can be defined for a meshLocation.
This has been shown via an info popover on the tenant list in the Project Control Plane. It is now also
available on the Tenant Control Plane. Additionally the link to the website was missing since the 
Customer Area UI Overhaul. This has been added next to the info popover now.

### Azure landing zones can be changed again
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
We've improved the handling how azure role mappings are evaluated within meshPanel's Landing Zone edit screen. Previously it wasn't possible to edit a landing zone because the upcoming error prevented the user from saving changes.

