---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.116.0
---

Release period: 2022-03-30 to 2022-04-06

This release includes the following issues:
* Users with empty EUID don't break Azure replication
* Platform Configuration for OpenShift via meshPanel
* Log statement improvements
* Landing Zone description visible in dropdown
* Add an optional fixing hint to your policy
* Add an optional description to your policy
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Users with empty EUID don't break Azure replication
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
A user that had an empty EUID set prevented a successful Azure project replication.
These users are now filtered and will not be considered for replication until a proper EUID
is set. Usually this happens if the user logs into the panel or the user is imported via the
meshObject API with a proper, non-empty EUID.

### Platform Configuration for OpenShift via meshPanel
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
All configuration required for OpenShift replication and metering can now be done via meshPanel.
Other platform types will follow soon.

#### How to use
Go to the Platform Control Plane of the meshPlatform you want to configure and navigate to "Settings" -> "Config".
Now you can enter all configuration options including the secrets needed for meshStack to access the platform.

### Log statement improvements
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Numerous exceptions were logged without including the response body in case
of a failed API request to remote systems. This bug was fixed and those response
body contents will now be included in the system message for a failed tenant
replication.

### Landing Zone description visible in dropdown
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
When adding a new tenant to a project, the landing zone description is now also visible in the dropdown itself.
This should make it easier and faster to pick the right landing zone for your project.

### Add an optional fixing hint to your policy
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
As a partner, you can now provide an optional fixing hint to your policy when you create or edit a policy. This helps users understand how they can resolve the situation when they violate a policy.

### Add an optional description to your policy
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
As a partner, you can now provide an optional description in your policy when you create or edit a policy. This helps users understand the intention of your policy.
Find all policies and their description, either in the Admin Area under Compliance > Policies or on the customer control plane under Compliance > Active Policies.

