---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.137.0
---

Release period: 2022-09-08 to 2022-09-14

This release includes the following issues:
* Changing Azure principal passwords has direct effect
* Fix generation of environmental reports
* Fixes user deletion for assigned users
* Failing user deletion for non-customer users
* Retrieve a single meshUser by their username in the API
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Changing Azure principal passwords has direct effect
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
This fixes a bug that prevented the changing of the Azure Service Principal password in the
platform configuration to take immediate effect (only a service restart fixed the issue before).
When you now change an Azure Service Principal password, the change will be applied immediately.

### Fix generation of environmental reports
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator


#### Description
Environmental reports for GCP showing CO2 emission had not been generated recently.
This is fixed now and the environmental reports will be generated once the carbon data
is available in GCP. This is usually the case after ± 2 weeks into the next month.

### Fixes user deletion for assigned users
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
When deleting a user who is still assigned to one or more customers,
the deletion of this user failed. This has been fixed now and users 
can be deleted successfully again.

### Failing user deletion for non-customer users
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Fixes a bug that prevented the user deletion if the user was not
a member of a customer anymore. It also fixes an issue that could
prevent the user deletion if a Cloud Foundry or OpenStack platform
config was removed in which the user was replicated before.

### Retrieve a single meshUser by their username in the API
**Audience:** User


#### Description
It is now possible to retrieve a single meshUser in the API by specifying their username through a new endpoint.

