---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.111.0
---

Release period: 2022-02-23 to 2022-03-02

This release includes the following issues:
* Improve error message when importing meshTenant
* Fix meshProject import ignoring updated tags
* Option to restrict meshPlatforms during creation
* Edit meshProvider Info
* Fix validation on required 'Multi Select' tags
* Multiple meshPolicyRules are no longer supported
* Customers can not have more than 250 active payment methods
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improve error message when importing meshTenant
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
When you import a meshTenant with a localId which is already assigned to another meshTenant on the same platform, you will receive a hint in the response that you can't set that localId because it is in use.

### Fix meshProject import ignoring updated tags
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
The declarative import of a meshProject in the meshObject API would ignore updated tags for an existing project.
This is now fixed and any updated tags of a meshProject will be applied correctly.

### Option to restrict meshPlatforms during creation
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
It is now possible to restrict meshPlatforms to certain meshCustomers already when creating new meshPlatforms.

#### How to use
This allows you to e.g. restrict new meshPlatforms initially to a meshCustomer you own as a Platform Operator.
You can test whether all integrations are working as expected and make the instance public once you are done.
Or you could restrict a dedicated meshPlatform from the beginning on to certain meshCustomers.

### Edit meshProvider Info
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
It is now possible to edit meshProvider information via the "Settings -> Provider" tab
in the Platform Control Plane.

### Fix validation on required 'Multi Select' tags
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
We fixed a problem around the selection of required tags. The problem only applied when a required tag provided multiple selectable options in a multi-select manner. It was possible to circumvent the required setting and leave the tag empty.

### Multiple meshPolicyRules are no longer supported
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
We've removed the possibility to assign multiple meshPolicyRules to one meshPolicy. Each meshPolicy has exactly one specific tag mapping. For more information please take a look into the docs https://docs.dev.meshcloud.io/docs/meshcloud.policies.html#introduction-what-are-meshpolicies .

### Customers can not have more than 250 active payment methods
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
The creation of payment methods through the panel and meshObjectImport is restricted if already 250 active payment methods
are present in a given customer. Get in touch with us if you are experiencing problems because of this limitation.

