---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.127.0
---

Release period: 2022-06-17 to 2022-06-22

This release includes the following issues:
* Removes notifications for deleted/expired payment methods
* Fix metering data not processing in OpenStack
* Fix Azure role mappings in meshPlatform settings
* Performance improvement for notification service
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Removes notifications for deleted/expired payment methods
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Budget alerts are not send out anymore for deleted or expired payment methods.

### Fix metering data not processing in OpenStack
**Audience:** Customer, Operator


#### Description
We removed a bug in the OpenStack metering process
that was originally introduced with v7.121.0 and left 
some metering data unprocessed. With the current fix
OpenStack metering data will be handled correctly again.

### Fix Azure role mappings in meshPlatform settings
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
This change repairs the form for Azure meshPlatform settings.
Previously, the fields for the Azure Role Definition ID and Azure Group Suffix were mixed up.

### Performance improvement for notification service
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
During high-frequency user updates, the notification service consumed too many 
resources as the database queries were inefficient. This slowed down the application. 
We have now optimized the database queries which in turn has improved the user update process significantly.
We also fixed a broken database query that failed to properly query the payment method usage amount.
This prevented sending out warning notifications if the 80% usage threshold was reached.

