---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.120.0
---

Release period: 2022-04-27 to 2022-05-04

This release includes the following issues:
* Explanation why 'Add Myself' fails in Admin Area
* Notification upon tenant creation
* Notifications for soon to be exceeded payment methods
* Policies are enforced during project access control
* New platform icons of Azure & Google Cloud
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Explanation why 'Add Myself' fails in Admin Area
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
If you add yourself via the 'Add Myself' button to a customer in the Admin Area and your tags are not compliant with the customers, an error will be displayed stating the detailed reason.

### Notification upon tenant creation
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
It is now possible to receive notifications for newly created cloud tenants. These notifications will be sent out via e-mail.
In order to configure this feature, please get in touch with us at support@meshcloud.io. Please keep in mind that this is a beta
feature for now. In the future, we plan on including notification configuration in the meshPanel.

### Notifications for soon to be exceeded payment methods
**Audience:** User


#### Description
A notification has been introduced that warns customer users if one or more payment methods have been used up over 
90% of their limit. If this happens, all customer admins of the customer receive an e-mail notification. 
This notification was built by introducing a new and powerful notification service in meshStack. This same service 
will be used to bring more useful notification capabilities into meshStack. Let us know at 
https://meshcloud.canny.io/ if you have any other ideas for useful notifications!

### Policies are enforced during project access control
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
When having a policy between meshProject -> meshUser/Group, the project access control lookup will now hide users that do not comply with the active policy. This will ensure that users will only pick the right users/groups that comply with the policy.

### New platform icons of Azure & Google Cloud
**Audience:** User


#### Description
The platform icons for Azure & Google Cloud have been updated to their new versions

