---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.147.0
---

Release period: 2022-11-16 to 2022-11-23

This release includes the following issues:
* Fixes OpenStack new tenant replications
* Fix Tenant Usage Report finalization
* Smart polling for for Service Instance
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fixes OpenStack new tenant replications
**Audience:** Operator, User, Partner


#### Description
A regression was fixed that lead to the failure of replication for
new Open Stack tenants.

### Fix Tenant Usage Report finalization
**Audience:** Customer, Operator


#### Description
With a change in the billing system from September 2022 a bug was introduced that led to
Tenant Usage Reports being modified even after their initial finalization time. As
a result, line items from Usage Reports have been booked to a Chargeback Statement
one month late. (e.g. Reports from October are included in November's Chargeback) 
This has been fixed now, so for all future Chargeback Statements (beginning in December)
the items from the reports will be assigned correctly.

### Smart polling for for Service Instance
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Marketplace behavior has been updated so it does not poll for the status of Service Instances
and Service Bindings forever. Instead, it will now respect the maximum polling duration value from the
Service Plan configuration according to the Open Service Broker specification. Furthermore,
the polling interval will be reduced over time. In case no maximum polling duration is provided
the Marketplace will stop polling automatically after a duration of 14 days. When polling is
stopped on Service Instances or Service Bindings the respective entity is set to failed state.

