---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.128.0
---

Release period: 2022-06-22 to 2022-06-29

This release includes the following issues:
* Fixes duplicate budget alerts notifications
* Fix panel URL in budget alert & tenant creation e-mails
* Subscription creation with too long names no longer stuck
* Export payment method usage as CSV
* Better readable tooltips
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fixes duplicate budget alerts notifications
**Audience:** User


#### Description
When a limited payment methods budget was exceeded the same payment 
method was mentioned multiple times in the resulting notification email. 
This was fixed.

### Fix panel URL in budget alert & tenant creation e-mails
**Audience:** Customer, Operator


#### Description
For e-mails sent from the notification service (budget alerts & tenant creation events), the 'Open meshPanel' button was not working.
This is now fixed and the 'Open meshPanel' button will directly open the meshPanel.

### Subscription creation with too long names no longer stuck
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Creations of Subscriptions with a name longer than 64 characters were stuck in a pending replication loop.
The error handling was improved and a proper error message is now returned with the replication
state failed.

### Export payment method usage as CSV
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
In the admin area, you can find a list of all payment methods including their consumption
and percentage used towards their limits. To provide you with better accounting and
integration capabilities we have now made this list exportable as a CSV file. You
can find the 'Export' button on the top-right of the payment methods page.

### Better readable tooltips
**Audience:** User


#### Description
The various tooltips available via the small questionmark in the meshPanel have been made more readable
by making them wider and providing a black text on white background. Some of the text in these tooltips
have also been improved. We will work on adding more helpful tooltips in the meshPanel in the near future.

