---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.173.0
---

Release period: 2023-05-10 to 2023-05-17

This release includes the following issues:
* Edit inputs and outputs of Building Block Definition
* Mismatch in Azure Cost Item Collection
* Dependencies of Building Blocks
* Fixes error message upon user deletion
* Building Block Deletion in Admin Area
* Add Customer Roles Description
* Fix outdated notifications
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Edit inputs and outputs of Building Block Definition
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
You are now able to edit inputs and outputs on the control plane. Please be aware, that existing Blocks are not updated with the new changes. All changes made to the inputs are within your own responsibility. If you want a building block to have the new inputs/outputs, please create a new building block for the tenant. Support for versioning will follow.

### Mismatch in Azure Cost Item Collection
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
Due to a undocumented rounding process in the Azure REST API there may occur a mismatch between the cost 
shown in Azure and the cost collected and shown in meshStack.
Therefore, March´s and April's Chargeback Statements for Azure Platforms in meshStack are different from 
the current state of Azure by around 0,005%. This rounding will be fixed now to prevent this mismatch in
the future Chargeback statement. 

We apologize for any inconvenience caused and will be contacting all affected customers for data cleanup 
for March and April Chargeback statements.

### Dependencies of Building Blocks
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator


#### Description
Dependencies between Building Blocks can now be defined in meshStack. Operators can explicitly define that a Building Block depends on another Building Block. They can also define which outputs of the parent Building
Block shall be mapped to which inputs of the dependent Building Block. This enables implementation of use cases such as a VM Block, that depends on a Network Block. The Network Block needs to exist first, and provide the network ID to 
the VM service, so the VM gets connected to the expected network. Application Teams can only add a Building Block that depends on another Building Block to their meshTenant if the parent Building Block already exists on their Tenant.

#### How to use
If the execution of the parent Building Block is still in progress and no outputs exist yet, the dependent Building 
Block will stay in a Pending state. It will be processed once the parent Building Block completed successfully and provided the required outputs.

### Fixes error message upon user deletion
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
This fixes the error message that was shown when a user was deleted
from the Admin Area. The user deletion itself was not impacted.

### Building Block Deletion in Admin Area
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
Operators and Partners are now able to delete Building Blocks from Tenants in the Admin Area.

#### How to use
On the Tenant Details screen in the Building Block Tab a delete button with a confirmation dialog
is now available.

### Add Customer Roles Description
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
When assigning a meshCustomer role to a user or group, you have now a
drop-down menu containing a brief explanation of each role. This new feature
will make it easier to select the most suitable role for a particular user or
group.

### Fix outdated notifications
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously, you could receive some notifications that are already outdated. For example, you received a 
notification that projects missing a payment method but the payment method has been assigned already. 
This has been fixed now.

