---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.23.0
---

Release period: 2023-11-08 to 2023-11-15

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Azure Platform Subscription Owner display bug
* Workspace Owner now receive budget alerts
* Apply 'Active' filter on workspaces, projects and platforms
* OSB Service provisioning during project creation
* Reverted tenants and marketplaces separation
* Trigger runs for bulk-upgraded Building Blocks
* Provide user permissions to Building Blocks
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Azure Platform Subscription Owner display bug
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
This fixes a display bug in the Azure Platform Config that did not properly
initialize the form validation when the configuration was set to skip the usually required
Subscription Owner entry. The config was still saved on the server correctly.

### Workspace Owner now receive budget alerts
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
Previously only user with the role Workspace Manager did receive notifications about
budget alerts on payment methods.

### Apply 'Active' filter on workspaces, projects and platforms
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Now, when you access the overviews of workspaces, projects or platforms via the Sidebar, the data will be automatically filtered on the active state. This will provide you a more focused view and help you to find the most relevant entities to manage. While we have introduced default filtering for your convenience, you can still customize the view based on the other states.

### OSB Service provisioning during project creation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
You can now provision your OSB (Open Service Broker) services during project creation and tenant creation.

### Reverted tenants and marketplaces separation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We have decided to revert the separation between tenants and marketplaces within the
project control plane. Now you can select your marketplaces within the tenants overview.

### Trigger runs for bulk-upgraded Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
We now automatically trigger a new run for all Building Blocks that are upgraded via the 'bulk upgrade' functionality.

### Provide user permissions to Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
We introduce a new assignment type for Building Block inputs: it is now possible to provide Building Blocks with the
information on the assigned user's including their respective project roles. This information is provided as a list of
user objects. As a result we added support for list input types, but for now those are restricted for use of the new
user permissions input type.

