---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.155.0
---

Release period: 2023-01-11 to 2023-01-18

This release includes the following issues:
* Clickable Project Hint Messages
* Enables collection of GCP Carbon Model v7
* Fix service binding creation for async service brokers
* Cloud foundation actions needed section
* Mandatory Subscription Owner in Azure platform config
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Clickable Project Hint Messages
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
If a project is missing a payment method or if you are not a member of this project, 
related hint messages are shown in the project overview of the Customer Control Plane 
and in the header of the Project Control Plane. With this change those hints are now clickable.
By clicking on these hint messages, you are redirected either to the "Current Access" subtab
in "Access Control" or to  the "Payment methods" subtab in "Financials" in the Project Control Plane depending 
on the message.

### Enables collection of GCP Carbon Model v7
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
Previously, projects that contained data from GCP Carbon Model v7 could not
be collected. This is now fixed.

### Fix service binding creation for async service brokers
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
When picking a service during project creation and the chosen service gets provisioned
asynchronously, Service Bindings were not created successfully. This issue is resolved.

### Cloud foundation actions needed section
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We've added to the previously integrated cloud foundation dashboard a section to show needed actions. This 
section includes an overview about 'Waiting on Tenant Deletion Confirmation', 'Failed Tenants' and 
'Quota Requests'. Besides the status and count, we'll provide direct navigation to the specific 
view within the administration area.

### Mandatory Subscription Owner in Azure platform config
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
When providing the replication configuration for a meshPlatform with platform
type Azure, a Subscription Owner Object ID is now mandatory if the
provisioning type is Enterprise Enrollment. Previously, this field was not
mandatory in the web interface, but was actually required for successful
replication, thus resulting in failed replications if the user hadn't provided
a Subscription Owner.

