---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.158.0
---

Release period: 2023-01-30 to 2023-02-01

This release includes the following issues:
* View Project Users and Groups in Admin Area
* Fix tenant import with empty localId
* GCD External ID description improvement
* Fix Expired Payment Methods Assignment
* No templated link parts in meshObject GET API
* Payment Method filter for meshProject GET API
* New Tenants Tab on the Dashboards Screen
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### View Project Users and Groups in Admin Area
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
You can now see which users and groups are assigned to a meshProject in the Admin Area. Alternatively, you can also
see all projects a particular user is assigned to.

#### How to use
To see the assigned users & groups for a particular project, go to the 'Project Overview' page in the Admin Area
and click on the 'Users & Groups' icon of a given project.
For an individual user, find the user in the 'All Users' list in the Admin area, open the user page and click
'View Project Assignments' for a particular meshCustomer the user is a member of. This also works if the user is
assigned via a meshCustomerUserGroup.

### Fix tenant import with empty localId
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
Setting an empty localId during a meshObject import results in broken replications for this tenant. 
So the current fix validates the localId and in case of an empty string shows a related error message.

### GCD External ID description improvement
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Improves the explanation for GCD user lookup platform configuration
when using external IDs.

### Fix Expired Payment Methods Assignment
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
In the recently introduced Project Overview screen in the Admin Area, it was possible to assign already
expired payment methods. This is fixed now, so only valid payment methods can be assigned to meshProjects.

### No templated link parts in meshObject GET API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
The meshObject GET API endpoints partly had templated links in them.
Templated links contain information on additional possible
query parameters, but have the drawback to not work directly without
additional processing. These templated links have been changed to
regular ones, so that they can be used as intended.

### Payment Method filter for meshProject GET API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
The meshProject GET API endpoint has been extended with a new filter option. You can now specify a 
'paymentIdentifier' to find only meshProjects that have the payment method with the given identifier 
assigned. Substitute Payment Methods on meshProjects are not considered.
It is also possible to specify an empty or blank (whitespaces only) 'paymentIdentifier' to filter 
for meshProjects without an assigned payment method.

### New Tenants Tab on the Dashboards Screen
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We introduce the first version of a Tenants tab on the Dashboards screen that enables you to get an 
overview of the number of tenants over time per platform type. Also in the Tenants tab, you could see 
the "Actions Needed" card to overview items that are waiting for your input. Please stay tuned, as we will 
extend this tab with more information in the coming weeks!

