---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.170.0
---

Release period: 2023-04-20 to 2023-04-26

This release includes the following issues:
* Improve GCP group permissions cleanup
* Customizable Footer of Email Notifications
* Platform Search in Project Creation Wizard
* Edit Building Block
* SSH support for Building Block repositories
* Notifications for failed Building Blocks
* Only allow valid input combinations for Building Blocks
* Visibility of input requirements
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improve GCP group permissions cleanup
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
GCP group permissions created by meshStack are now deleted during the meshTenant deletion process.

### Customizable Footer of Email Notifications
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
With this change, you are able to customize the footer of all email notifications to add support links and other
valuable information for users.

### Platform Search in Project Creation Wizard
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
To quickly locate the needed platform for the project, you are now able to search and filter 
platforms by type and name. This feature is particularly helpful, if you have numerous platforms 
to choose from, making it challenging to identify the right one for the list.

### Edit Building Block
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
You can now edit the general information (name, description, icon) of a Building Block and read up the details in the Building Block Control Plane. Further functionality like editing inputs and outputs will follow. You can also find the deletion of the Building Block on the new building block control plane.

### SSH support for Building Block repositories
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
The configuration for Terraform Building Blocks can now be accessed via SSH from private git repositories. 
During Building Block creation, you can now upload a key that is needed to clone the target repository. 
This key is handled securely, it will be encrypted in transit and at rest. 
The key could be a github deploy key or similar.
For now, this is only possible for github.com, gitlab.com and Azure Devops due to strict SSH host key validation.
We will add functionality later so you can add your custom known hosts in case your repository resides elsewhere.

### Notifications for failed Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Platform Engineers can stay on top of failed Building Blocks as the Admin Area dashboard now features an entry 
for them. Furthermore you now receive daily email update about failed Building Blocks.

### Only allow valid input combinations for Building Blocks
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
The recently introduced "Provide As" and "Sensitivity" options for Building Block Inputs are currently
only relevant for Terraform Building Blocks. Therefore these options are no longer available for Manual
Building Blocks. Additionally it is not possible anymore to make a "Platform Tenant Id" Input sensitive, as
it is no sensitive data and seeing this Platform Tenant Id unencrypted simplifies operations.

### Visibility of input requirements
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We now display a small tool icon in the Building Block card whenever an input is required. Furthermore we show an action indicator next to 'Building Blocks' on the tenant control plane that shows you how many Building Blocks require your input.

