---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.12.0
---

Release period: 2023-08-23 to 2023-08-30

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix meshProject stuck in pending deletion
* Fix sending Building Block notifications to all users
* Building Block Definitions can use a specific git commit
* Fix Sensitive User Input not showing
* View runs in the Building Block Control Plane
* Improvement of Sidebar User Interface
* Prevent use of Terraform with incompatible license
* Disable Azure Subscription Owner entity requirement
* Open Service Broker context object contains workspace_id
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix meshProject stuck in pending deletion
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
In rare cases if you deleted a meshProject that contains only a single Marketplace tenant, 
your project remained in a pending deletion state. This is fixed now, but the update process can take up 1 hour.

### Fix sending Building Block notifications to all users
**Audience:** User


#### Description
If a Building Block failed or required operator input, all users who were assigned to any workspace
received an email. Those workspace users won't receive these notifications anymore. Only Partner Admins,
Partner Employees and Platform Operators will receive those emails now.
With the next release, we will provide the actually intended behavior of sending the Building Block failed
notification also to Workspace users for Building Blocks that belong to their workspace.

### Building Block Definitions can use a specific git commit
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
When you define a Building Block Definition based on Terraform, you can now fix
the repository source to a specific git commit that will be used when
the Building Block is applied.

### Fix Sensitive User Input not showing
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Previously, when you wanted to add building block to your tenant (as a workspace user), which requires a sensitive input, the input was not rendered.

### View runs in the Building Block Control Plane
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We have introduced a building block control plane in the admin area where you can manage one specific Building Block.
You can already check out the runs for a building block on that control plane. Note that older runs might have the state 'Succeeded',
even if they have failed.
Please stay tuned, as we will incrementally integrate more Building Block-related functionalities in the upcoming weeks.

### Improvement of Sidebar User Interface
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We are excited to unveil a refined user interface within the Admin Panel sidebar. This enhancement encompasses a
redesigned collapsible sidebar that would intuitively cater to your need, creating a seamless alignment with your 
preferences, and keeping insight into exactly the category you want to work on.

### Prevent use of Terraform with incompatible license
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
Since August 10th, Hashicorp announced a change in the licensing of Terraform which impacts
the use of Terraform >1.5.5 in meshStack Building Blocks. We are actively investigating options to keep
supporting Terraform beyond this license change, but as a preventive measure, we prohibit the
use of Terraform versions higher than 1.5.5.
Please stay tuned as we explore the possibility of extending our support to upcoming Terraform versions.
We are also evaluating the potential support for openTF. This initiative seeks to provide an
open-source alternative to the official Hashicorp Terraform provider.

### Disable Azure Subscription Owner entity requirement
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
A flag introduced into the Azure platform configuration allows
to bypass the Subscription Owner setting. This can be useful when a user
group already carries the 'Owner' role and additional fallback 'Owner' 
principals are not required anymore.

### Open Service Broker context object contains workspace_id
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
After we have already renamed customer to workspace in most places in
meshStack, we have now introduced this renaming in the JSON payload sent from
meshStack to the Open Service Broker. To avoid breaking changes, your existing
Open Service Broker implementations remain compatible with meshStack, but you can
now start migrating your Open Service Brokers.
In particular, the context object sent from meshStack to your Open Service
Broker implementation now contains the key workspace_id in addition to the
already existing key customer_id. The value of workspace_id is identical to
the value of customer_id in order to remain backwards-compatible. However, the
customer_id key is considered deprecated and will be removed in the
future (we will not introduce breaking changes without prior
notice). To migrate your Open Service Broker implementation, simply replace
context.customer_id by context.workspace_id. Feel free to reach out to us if
you require any assistance.

