---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.16.0
---

Release period: 2023-09-21 to 2023-09-27

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix 'Add Building Block' in Landing Zones
* Improve performance if Workspace User Groups are used
* Generate auth Building Block Inputs for AWS, Azure & GCP
* Setting Role Recertification via API
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix 'Add Building Block' in Landing Zones
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
When creating/editing a Landing Zone in the Admin Area, the 'Add Building Block' button did not work. This is now fixed.

### Improve performance if Workspace User Groups are used
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Environments with a lot of Workspace User Groups faced some general performance issues, that slowed down
every request. The performance issue has been fixed now, so affected environments will perform much better
again.

### Generate auth Building Block Inputs for AWS, Azure & GCP
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
When creating or editing a Terraform-based Building Block Definition, you can now generate recommended 
authentication inputs for AWS, Azure & GCP that are required for running the Terraform Building Block 
with the right authentication.

### Setting Role Recertification via API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
When you enable Workspace Role Recertification in the Settings, the system
will automatically set an expiration date when you create a
WorkspaceUserBinding or WorkspaceGroupBinding using the meshObject API. For
instance, if you've configured on the Settings page to limit a Workspace
Owner's access to 6 months, any Workspace Owner created via the API will
automatically have an expiration date of 6 months from the date they were
created.

#### How to use
To enable role recertification for users who are assigned via
WorkspaceUserBindings or WorkspaceGroupBindings via API, set a date on the
Settings page on the Compliance tab for this role, and then expiration dates
will be set automatically in meshStack.

