---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.19.0
---

Release period: 2023-10-11 to 2023-10-18

This release includes the following issues:
* Improve the initial Building Block Run status
* Multi-Currency Support in Financial Reports
* SCIM Performance Improvement
* Manage Landing Zones in the Platform Control Plane
* Improved reload behavior of tables and lists
* Faster feedback of new Building Block Runs
* Edit Building Block Definition draft version by default
* Keep creation order of Building Block Inputs
* Create a Payment Method from the Payment Method Screen
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improve the initial Building Block Run status
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
When running a Building Block for the first time, two runs would show up, 
where the first one would forever stay in the pending status.
This is now fixed and only one run will be created that reflects the correct status.

### Multi-Currency Support in Financial Reports
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
You can now perform currency conversions in meshStack, which will help to streamline the chargeback 
process and budget management. All costs will be converted to a single base currency (EUR) for Usage Reports 
and Chargeback Statements, making it easier to keep track of expenses. Additionally, budget notifications 
will be available for AWS accounts with enabled currency conversion. Please stay tuned since we are also working 
on adding a united currency feature to the financial graphs.

### SCIM Performance Improvement
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
We have optimized the SCIM implementation that will enhance performance,
particularly when handling a substantial volume of SCIM group updates directed
towards meshStack.

### Manage Landing Zones in the Platform Control Plane
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
It is now possible to list, create, edit and disable Landing Zones in the Platform Control Plane.
This allows you to manage landing zones of just that particular platform. The existing Landing Zone management
list in the Admin Area also still remains.

### Improved reload behavior of tables and lists
**Audience:** User, Partner


#### Description
When tables or other lists were refreshed, you could notice a short flickering when data was reloaded. 
With this change, reloading data will not result in that flickering anymore. New data will just be added or if 
no data changed, there will be no visual change. To still provide feedback, that reloading
is happening, a toast message is now shown on the bottom right of your screen while loading.

### Faster feedback of new Building Block Runs
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
When starting a new Building Block Run in the Building Block Control Plane of the Admin Area,
you will now get detailed information about the new run usually within 5 seconds. Before that change,
you might have seen the new Run only once the Building Block received a new status. Additionally, the
table now refreshes without flickering.

### Edit Building Block Definition draft version by default
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
If a draft version of a Building Block Definition exists, it is now preselected when editing or looking at the
details of a Building Block Definition. Before this change, the latest version of the Building Block Definition
was selected. As we see the usecase of further working on your new draft as the most common one, we changed that
default behavior.

### Keep creation order of Building Block Inputs
**Audience:** User, Partner, Operator


#### Description
The order of Building Block inputs was not deterministic. This is fixed now, so the order of Building Block 
Inputs is considered on all Building Block related objects (Definition, Building Block, Run).

### Create a Payment Method from the Payment Method Screen
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
With this change, you will now be able to create a payment method directly from the payment method screen
to streamline your budget management process.

