---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.176.0
---

Release period: 2023-05-31 to 2023-06-07

This release includes the following issues:
* Enhanced Platform Selection for Tenant Creation
* Project members get notified when Building Block succeeds
* Add Myself Button Now in Top Right Corner
* Ensure the Constant Presence of Customer Owner Role
* Improved meshCustomer Creation View
* Simplified Naming in Customer Creation
* Help text improvements
* Fix Tenant Local Id on Building Block for new tenants
* Project Roles Descriptions
* Improved Policy Validation for User Assignment
* Improved meshCustomer User Assignment
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Enhanced Platform Selection for Tenant Creation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
When creating a new meshTenant, you will now have a comprehensive list of platforms, including those that have 
already been used in the current meshProject. This will provide you with a transparent and complete overview.
For platforms that already have a tenant in the current meshProject, a warning sign with the reason will be
displayed to indicate that they are not available for selection.

### Project members get notified when Building Block succeeds
**Audience:** User, Partner, Operator


#### Description
Project members will now be notified via email (or Slack, if set up) whenever a building block is executed successfully.

### Add Myself Button Now in Top Right Corner
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
We have enhanced the customer access control screen by relocating 
the "Add Myself" button to the top right corner. This change aims 
to provide a more intuitive and user-friendly experience, allowing 
you to easily find all buttons for the assignment process in one 
place.

### Ensure the Constant Presence of Customer Owner Role
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
To ensure accountability for a meshCustomer, it is now mandatory to have at
least one Customer Owner role retained when modifying customer roles for
existing meshCustomers. This way, you can always identify who holds the primary
responsibility for the meshCustomer.

### Improved meshCustomer Creation View
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Previously, when you were creating meshCustomer, the page view was expanded 
across the entire screen. Now the view is centered to enhance your visibility 
while reviewing and offering input.

### Simplified Naming in Customer Creation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
When typing a meshCustomer name or identifier, you will receive now a dynamic error message if the name 
or identifier entered is not unique. Also, in case of the identifier not being unique,  a new identifier will be suggested to you.

### Help text improvements
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator


#### Description
With this change, you will find tooltip text and guiding information during meshCustomer and meshProject creation. 
In addition, the information on the pages is more precise and shorter to make the creation process easier for you.

### Fix Tenant Local Id on Building Block for new tenants
**Audience:** User, Operator


#### Description
If a Building Block that requires a Tenant Local Id Input was added to a new meshTenant, that did not replicate yet,
the Tenant Local Id was net getting set on that Building Block. This is fixed now and the Tenant Local Id gets set
on the Building Block once it is available from a successful replication.

### Project Roles Descriptions
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
When choosing a project role for a user, you will have now the dropdown menu
that provides a brief explanation for each project role. This helps you make
an informed decision about which role is most suitable for a particular user.
Since these descriptions can be customized for each role, we are kindly
asking you to provide your descriptions to
<a href="mailto:feedback@meshcloud.io">feedback@meshcloud.io</a>.

### Improved Policy Validation for User Assignment
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
Previously, when creating a project, the 'Add myself' button was always visible, 
even if you couldn't be added due to policy restrictions. The error message was only displayed at the end. 
Now, this is fixed. The 'Add myself' button will be hidden if you cannot add yourself to the project because of policy restrictions.

### Improved meshCustomer User Assignment
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Assigning and unassigning users to meshCustomer roles has been streamlined for your 
convenience. There's no longer a need for you to manually save specific user roles 
as the process now automatically saves changes.

