---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.160.0
---

Release period: 2023-02-08 to 2023-02-15

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix payment method handling in meshCustomer creation
* Fix numeric tag validation
* Fix displayed meshTenant tags
* Extended Dashboard Tenants Tab
* Fix saving of Landing Zone quotas
* Data reliability improvements for meshTenant replication
* Automatic cleanup of OpenShift access groups
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix payment method handling in meshCustomer creation
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Previously, if your meshStack is configured to require a payment method during meshCustomer creation, 
you were not able to use a payment method / cost center that was already used by another meshCustomer. 
An error message was shown instead. This is fixed now and you are again able to reuse 
the payment method that was already assigned to another meshCustomer.

### Fix numeric tag validation
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
A validation error was shown for valid numeric tags when entering the tag edit screen of meshObjects, i.e payment method. This also prevented saving changes to any tags on that screen. The issue is fixed now. The incorrect validation error is not shown anymore and you can save your tags right away.

### Fix displayed meshTenant tags
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Previously, some deleted tenant tags were displayed on the platform as applied ones. This is now fixed.

### Extended Dashboard Tenants Tab
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We add new graphs on the Dashboards screen in the Tenant tab, that enable you to get an overview of the most used landingzones 
and the percentage of unmanaged tenants.

### Fix saving of Landing Zone quotas
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
In rare cases, new Landing Zone quotas could not be saved.
This is fixed now.

### Data reliability improvements for meshTenant replication
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
There was a rare case of potential dataloss during replication this means that the 
tenant detail view information might not necessarily return the latest data. The 
chance for this happening was very small and so far never observed. 
But with upcoming replication improvements and cleanup operations, the integrity 
of this data becomes more important. Internal data handling of the replicator was 
improved. That fixes this issue and also makes project access faster and more 
reliable.

### Automatic cleanup of OpenShift access groups
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
With this change, when you delete a tenant from meshStack all related access groups 
automatically will be deleted from OpenShift.

