---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.156.0
---

Release period: 2023-01-18 to 2023-01-25

This release includes the following issues:
* Notifications for missing Payment Methods
* Improved currency formatting in the Admin Dashboard
* Assign Payment Methods to meshProjects in Admin Area
* Graphs in Admin Dashboard show accumulated data
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Notifications for missing Payment Methods
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
We introduced email notifications to Customer Owners and Customer Admins 
so that the people responsible will get weekly reminders with a list of 
their meshProjects that have no Payment Method set.

### Improved currency formatting in the Admin Dashboard
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Smaller visual improvements were made in the "Financials" section of the new
dashboard in the Admin Area. The currency symbol (e.g. €) is now shown instead
of the currency code (e.g. EUR). Furthermore, numbers are formatted to include
a thousands separator to improve readability.

### Assign Payment Methods to meshProjects in Admin Area
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We introduced a payment method editing feature on the Project Overview screen that enables you to edit the assigned 
payment method and substitute payment method of a meshProject. This change will allow you to quickly clean up missing
or wrong payment method assignments on meshProjects.

#### How to use
There is an edit button next to the payment method within the table. When you click it, you can edit the assigned 
payment method and substitute payment method within the table. No navigation to another screen or similar is needed. 
Please, note that payment methods cannot be changed on meshProjects that are marked for deletion or already deleted.

### Graphs in Admin Dashboard show accumulated data
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
The Tenant and User graph in the Admin Dashboard have previously shown the
growth of each month, i.e., how many tenants or users have been newly created
in the given month. Now, we show the accumulated data. This means that for
each month, the number refers to the total number of users/tenants that have
existed in that month.

