---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.1.0
---

Release period: 2023-06-07 to 2023-06-14

This release includes the following issues:
* Add Building Block during meshProject & meshTenant creation
* Fix stuck Building Blocks for large log statements
* Edit Dependencies of Building Block Definition
* Improved Policy Validation for Group Assignment
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Add Building Block during meshProject & meshTenant creation
**Audience:** User, Customer, Operator


#### Description
When you create a new meshProject or meshTenant and select a platform that is supported by a Building Block Definition,
you can now select the Building Blocks you would like to add to your new meshTenant directly when creating the
meshProject. This allows you to quickly set up your meshTenant in the intended way right from the beginning.
Platform Operators will soon be able to define mandatory Building Blocks on meshLandingZones, to make sure essential 
services or resources are rolled out for meshTenants.

### Fix stuck Building Blocks for large log statements
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
This fixes an issue that happened on very long log statements that
could lead to Building Blocks runs which were stuck.

### Edit Dependencies of Building Block Definition
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
You can now edit the dependencies of your Building Block Definition on the Building Block Definition control plane in the Admin Area. Please be aware, you can only remove a Building Block Definition from the dependencies if no Building Block exists that uses this dependency for an input.

### Improved Policy Validation for Group Assignment
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
Previously, when creating a project, the 'Add My Groups' dropdown button was
always visible and included also groups that couldn't be added due to policy
restrictions. The error message was only displayed at the end of the project
creation. Now, this is fixed. The 'Add My Groups' button will show only groups
that do not violate policy restrictions, and will be completely hidden if no
such groups are available.

