---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.31.0
---

Release period: 2024-07-10 to 2024-07-17

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix creation of Service Instances via API Key
* Fix deletion of dependent Building Block Definitions
* Fix notifications for in-landing-zone-only Building Blocks
* Improve Project and Tenant deleted event authors
* Fix Open Repository Link Button Visibility
* Fixes slow API responses with API keys
* Disable Update Quotas for Tenants Pending Deletion
* Fix "Use in Landing Zone only" Building Blocks as dependency
* New users EUID missing on initial login
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix creation of Service Instances via API Key
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously, the creator of the service did not add the "Originating Identity" header to the Service Broker-related HTTP requests, and the creation of a service instance could be scoped to a different workspace than the API key's. Both issues have been fixed, ensuring the "Originating Identity" header is now properly included and service instances are correctly scoped to the same workspace as the API key.

### Fix deletion of dependent Building Block Definitions
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
In rare cases it could have happened that the deletion of a Building Block Definition that has a dependency
to another Building Block Definition, led to an error, that the related Definition could not be deleted,
even though the dependent Definition should not be touched in that case. This issue is fixed now and you can
successfully delete the Building Block Definition.

### Fix notifications for in-landing-zone-only Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
Users who were added to the notification subscribers of a Building Block Definition with the "Use in Landing Zone only" flag,
did not receive notifications about failed Building Blocks and Building Blocks that require operator input.
This is fixed now.

### Improve Project and Tenant deleted event authors
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Deleted Project and Tenant events often had admin@meshcloud.io set as the author. This is caused
by the asynchronous behavior of the deletion. We now improved this and always set the user who
requested the Project deletion also as an author of the final deletion. For Tenant deletion events
we now set either the user who approved the tenant deletion, if an approval is required, or otherwise 
the requesting user. With this change, events can be better assigned to the user who did the last action
that led to the final deletion of a tenant or project.

### Fix Open Repository Link Button Visibility
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
The "Open Repository" button was not always displayed when accessing a Building Block Definition of the implementation type 
"Terraform", even if the repository URL matched the required criteria. We have fixed the issue to ensure that the "Open Repository" 
button is always displayed when you open a Building Block Definition with a repository URL that matches the criteria set during 
definition.

### Fixes slow API responses with API keys
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Fixes a problem that made API responses very slow when using API keys.

### Disable Update Quotas for Tenants Pending Deletion
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
A bug was identified where quota requests could not be updated for tenants marked for deletion. When attempting to update 
quotas, users encountered errors with no further action. In this release the "Update Quotas" button is now disabled for tenants 
pending deletion to prevent errors. Users can only manage quotas once the deletion status is resolved.

### Fix "Use in Landing Zone only" Building Blocks as dependency
**Audience:** Partner, Operator, Customer


#### Description
If you defined a dependency to a "Use in Landing Zone only" Building Block Definition from another
Building Block Definition, you could not set this dependency when you wanted to add a new Building Block
via the marketplace. This is fixed now and you can successfully create your Building Block that has
a dependency to another Building Block, which is configured for "Use in Landing Zone only".

### New users EUID missing on initial login
**Audience:** User


#### Description
If an upstream IDP was used for identity management under rare conditions
users might not get their EUID set properly on the initial login into the panel,
which required a second login to resolve.
This fix now performs a user sync with Keycloak upon initial login to correctly
set the EUID reliably.
It also fixes a bug that could lead to errors during login if a user profile had 
incomplete Keycloak information.

