---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.16.0
---

Release period: 2024-03-27 to 2024-04-03

This release includes the following issues:
* Deprecated Onboarding Checklist
* Deprecated OSB Services Section within Tenant
* Fix Instance Count in Building Block Reports
* Improved Visibility of Groups and Users in Search
* Fix Marketplace for Workspace Members
* Removed Donut Charts for OSB Services Tenants
* Azure Portal page no longer shows AAD Tenant ID
* Provide your platforms from Service Management Area
* Workload Identity Federation for Azure platforms
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Deprecated Onboarding Checklist
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We have deprecated the onboarding checklist due to the 
incorporation of additional guidance mechanisms. Furthermore, 
for users encountering empty Workspaces, we now seamlessly
redirect them to the Marketplace tab, providing an intuitive 
avenue to explore available options to start their journey 
with meshStack.

### Deprecated OSB Services Section within Tenant
**Audience:** User


#### Description
As previously communicated, the outdated method of adding OSB Services, 
specifically via the OSB Services section within the OSB Services Tenant, 
has been deprecated. To add Service Instances, you can now navigate to 
the Marketplace within the tenant interface. Alternatively, you can access 
the "Add Service Instances" option directly on the Instances page, which 
will conveniently redirect users to the Marketplace tab for streamlined 
service addition.

### Fix Instance Count in Building Block Reports
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
(Please note that this is only relevant for environments where the Service
Management Area is activated. This allows you to manage Platform Services from a
Workspace. Reach out to [support@meshcloud.io](mailto:support@meshcloud.io) to
have it activated in your environment.)
The financial reports for Building Blocks in the Service Management Area have
sometimes shown an incorrect number of booked instances. This is now fixed.

### Improved Visibility of Groups and Users in Search
**Audience:** User


#### Description
An issue of searched groups or users not appearing in search suggestions during access and role assignments 
if too many search results existed has been resolved in this release. Exact matches of users, e.g. when 
searching for exact first and last name of a user or an exact group name, are shown first in the result 
list. Additionally 10 instead of only 5 users are shown in the list.

### Fix Marketplace for Workspace Members
**Audience:** User


#### Description
In this release, we've addressed an issue where workspace members were previously unable to add building blocks and 
OSB services to existing tenants. This is fixed now. Workspace members now have the capability to add platform services 
and building blocks directly from the marketplace at the tenant control plane. Please note that Workspace Members only 
have access to the Marketplace inside Tenant and not to Workspace Marketplace, as they are restricted from adding 
platforms based on their role description.

### Removed Donut Charts for OSB Services Tenants
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We've enhanced the project overview by eliminating donut charts displaying
service instances and bindings for OSB Service tenants, ensuring visual
consistency. Furthermore, we've deprecated the identical donut chart within
the tenant overview to prevent information duplication since you can
conveniently access the aggregated instance data on the "Instances" page of your OSB Service tenant.

### Azure Portal page no longer shows AAD Tenant ID
**Audience:** User


#### Description
The pages with sign in instructions for Azure Portal no longer shows the AAD Tenant ID.
Cloud foundation teams operating multiple Azure Platforms with meshStack are advised to use platform instance
names to convey meaningful information to application teams.

### Provide your platforms from Service Management Area
**Audience:** User


#### Description
(Please note that this is only relevant for environments where the Service Management Area is activated. The Service Management Area is currently in beta. This allows
you to manage Platform Services from a Workspace. Reach out to support@meshcloud.io to have it activated in your environment.)
You can now submit your platforms for publishing in the Service Management Area. This allows your platform to become accessible
to all workspaces within the organization upon approval by your cloud foundation team.

#### How to use
As a workspace manager, you can submit your platform for publishing by navigating to its control plane in the "Service
Management Area" and click on the "Submit for publishing" button. If your publication request gets rejected, you can easily 
identify the reason by hovering over the rejected label or checking the rejection comment in the history.

As a cloud foundation team member, you can review all services offered by the
workspaces. To review a service, go to "Workspaces Services" under
"Marketplace" on the left side bar. The "Workspace Services" provides you an
overview of all services which are submitted for publishing. Upon selecting a
service, you will be directed to its control plane. From there, you can either
reject the publication request or approve it, making the service accessible to
all workspaces within your organization.

### Workload Identity Federation for Azure platforms
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator


#### Description
You can now configure Workload Identity Federation for the service principal in Azure replicator and metering 
platform configurations. This applies to Azure, AKS and Azure Resource Group platforms. This feature enables
automatic rolling of credentials and you don't have to enter any Azure platform credentials to meshStack anymore.

#### How to use
You can test it out by switching from the "Credentials" authentication type to "Workload Identity Federation" for all
Service Principals you want to change the authentication type for (e.g. replicator and kraken are separate service principals).
You can find a description of what needs to be configured on the Service Principal in meshPanel, when you select "Workload Identity Federation".
You can configure your Service Principal for both, "Credential" and "Workload Identity Federation" in Azure, so you can easily
switch back to the credentials based approach, if needed.

