---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.42.0
---

Release period: 2024-09-25 to 2024-10-02

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Terraform object output breaking Building Block update
* Fix missing query parameters in meshusers link
* Improved whitespace detection in deletion dialogs
* Removes duplicate Save buttons
* Self-service update of Building Block Inputs
* Include Project Name in User Bindings and Group Bindings
* Introducing Building Block Event Logs
* Enforce Restriction of meshCustomer APIs Usage
* Enforce Versioned Accept Header for API
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Terraform object output breaking Building Block update
**Audience:** User, Partner


#### Description
This fixes a bug which prevented the proper updating of a Building Block run if 
a Terraform based Building Block returned an object output.

### Fix missing query parameters in meshusers link
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
Previously, the meshusers link in the response payload returned by the
meshObject API was in some cases missing required query parameters. For
example, when requesting a single workspace, the meshusers link did not
include the workspaceIdentifier. This issue has now been resolved.

### Improved whitespace detection in deletion dialogs
**Audience:** User


#### Description
In case you had whitespaces in your Building Block name the deletion could fail when
the name was entered in the security question dialog. The whitespace detection was
improved so you can now delete the affected entities.

### Removes duplicate Save buttons
**Audience:** User


#### Description
This slightly improves the UI and removes the duplicate save button
from the workspace and project tag menu in the admin area.

### Self-service update of Building Block Inputs
**Audience:** Partner, Customer, User


#### Description
User Inputs of Building Blocks can now also be updated by workspace users. Before the change
only operators of the Building Block were able to update the inputs. Operators can decide which
of the User Inputs can be updated as there might be some inputs that cannot be changed, because the Building
Block could not handle the update of such an input. All already existing inputs have been set to
"not updatable". So if you already own a Building Block Definition for which you would like to give your
workspace users the ability to update a User Input, you can change the "User Input editing permissions"
on the Building Block Input and release a new version of your Building Block Definition.

#### How to use
Workspace users can switch to the Edit Mode for inputs in the Tenant Control Plane where Building Blocks
are listed. They can then update the inputs that are configured for update, or they can run
the Building Block again without applying any change.

### Include Project Name in User Bindings and Group Bindings
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The meshProjectUserBindings and meshProjectGroupBindings returned via the
meshObject API now includes the project name in addition to the project
identifier.

#### How to use
In the API response, the project name can be found in the
targetRef.displayName property.

### Introducing Building Block Event Logs
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
With this update, we've introduced Building Block event logs on the "Event Logs" page. Now you can track key actions related to the Building Block, including when the Building Block is created, deleted, and when a new run of the building block is requested. Additionally, the event logs capture the reason behind each run request, providing better visibility and traceability.

### Enforce Restriction of meshCustomer APIs Usage
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
As announced, we are deprecating meshCustomer API endpoints. As
meshCustomer was renamed to meshWorkspace, you have to use the meshWorkspace endpoints now.
This also affects meshObjects used in the meshObject import endpoint. If you still use a meshCustomer
endpoint or meshObject you will now get an error message. If you have any questions please 
contact support@meshcloud.io

### Enforce Versioned Accept Header for API
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
As announced, we deprecated calling the meshStack API without a versioned Accept
header from Sep 2024 on. We are now enforcing it to prevent
new integrations with the API without providing the version in the Accept header.
If users still use an API endpoint without the Accept Header they will now get an error message. 
If you have any questions please contact support@meshcloud.io

#### How to use
Please be aware, that the Accept header is also required when you call a POST or PUT endpoint. 
This information is now included in the API documentation. Following the updated API docs will 
ensure your requests work correctly.

