---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.50.0
---

Release period: 2024-11-14 to 2024-11-20

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Tags Editing for Payment Method
* Improved logging when GCP Cloud Function call fails
* Remove erroneously updated Chargebacks and Usage Reports
* Empty Recommended Building Blocks
* Missing projects when adding tenants via marketplace
* Improved error message for last Subscription owner removal
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Tags Editing for Payment Method
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We identified and resolved an issue where the payment method tags could not 
be updated in the workspace area under the financial section. This issue has 
now been fixed, and all payment method tags can be updated as expected.

### Improved logging when GCP Cloud Function call fails
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
This adds the used parameter to the admin logs when a GCP cloud function call fails during
a GCP tenant replication.

### Remove erroneously updated Chargebacks and Usage Reports
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
For customers that already use our newly revamped chargeback process, the
previous release accidentally caused existing chargeback statements to be
cancelled and replaced by new chargeback statements, even though there were
no differences between the cancelled chargeback statement and the new
chargeback statement. Only chargeback statements that included Azure cost
items from the period of October 2024 were impacted.
This has been fixed, such that the erroneously created chargeback statements
are removed, and the corresponding chargeback statements that were previously
shown as cancelled are reset to their original state.
This essentially means that chargeback statements that were previously shown
with a yellow "Updated" badge are now shown with the green "Finalized" badge
again. The actual line items (charges) inside the chargeback statement are
not in any way modified by this fix.
The same applies to Tenant Usage Reports.

### Empty Recommended Building Blocks
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Before this change it could happen that the recommended building blocks page during the tenant/project 
creation was empty in case no building blocks existed or all possible building blocks were already added. 
This has now been adjusted so that the step has been removed if no recommended building blocks are available.

### Missing projects when adding tenants via marketplace
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Resolves an issue where projects were incorrectly displayed as ineligible for adding a tenant when initially selecting the tenant from the marketplace.
Specifically, projects with previously deleted tenants of the same platform were incorrectly shown as unavailable for receiving a new tenant.

### Improved error message for last Subscription owner removal
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Azure does not allow the last Owner of a Subscription to be removed. This is often an issue with
Azure platform configurations. Since the replicator principal can not be used as the owner
(doing so in the configuration had no effect), the error message was now improved to point this out.

