---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.12.0
---

Release period: 2024-03-06 to 2024-03-13

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix "not found" message for private OSB marketplace
* Improve Chargeback Generation Resiliency
* Fix the Display of Errors During Platform Creation
* Apply updated user permissions directly to Building Blocks
* Service Brokers in Service Management Area
* Project Creation Improvement
* Service instance created under previously selected workspace
* Mandatory Building Blocks not shown in dependency selection
* Add "Restricted" badge for Platform Instances
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix "not found" message for private OSB marketplace
**Audience:** User


#### Description
When you open an OSB marketplace tenant owned by that workspace, you sometimes face an error message stating that it could not be found. This has been fixed.

### Improve Chargeback Generation Resiliency
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
The generation of Chargeback statements was improved to resiliently consider
some edge cases. In particular, we have observed issues during Chargeback
Generation when many custom platforms had been used or if Tenant Usage Reports
for many months have been re-generated. This is now fixed.

### Fix the Display of Errors During Platform Creation
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator


#### Description
Previously, when creating a new Platform or Building Block definition, you might encounter 
a validation error at the last stage, which was not displayed without reason and message.
This issue has been fixed, and now you will see an error message with the exact details.

### Apply updated user permissions directly to Building Blocks
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator


#### Description
If a Building Block uses a "User Permissions" input, these permissions are now directly
updated when permissions on the project change. Before that change, it was only updated
when a tenant replication succeeded.
Additionally, permissions and other automatically determined inputs are now updated to the latest
state when a new Building Block run is executed.

### Service Brokers in Service Management Area
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
If the Service Management Area is enabled in your environment, you can now also manage Service Brokers
in this area and it is no longer available in the Workspace Control Plane. If you don't have the Service Management
Area enabled, Service Brokers can still be managed the same way as before.

### Project Creation Improvement
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We have improved the overall project creation process to 
offer a streamlined and user-friendly experience. You are 
no longer overwhelmed with the list of all available 
Building Blocks for the Platform you have chosen. Now, 
only the mandatory Building Blocks will be shown for 
configuration. You can easily check out other Building 
Blocks on the Marketplace Catalog whenever you want.

### Service instance created under previously selected workspace
**Audience:** User


#### Description
In rare cases, service instances were created under the previously selected workspace when you ordered them on the marketplace control plane under Overview > OSB Services. This has been fixed.

### Mandatory Building Blocks not shown in dependency selection
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously, when you created a Tenant with a Landing Zone having mandatory Building Blocks and dependencies, these pre-selected mandatory Building Blocks did not appear in the dependency selection. This has been fixed.

### Add "Restricted" badge for Platform Instances
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
In the Service Management Area and  in the Admin Area, a new state 
"Restricted" for Platform Instances was introduced. This makes it 
clear in what mode a Platform Instance is setup. Private means the 
Instance is only usable by a single workspace. "Restricted" means 
the Instance is usable by multiple Workspaces. A "Public" Instance 
is usable by everyone.

