---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.35.0
---

Release period: 2024-08-07 to 2024-08-14

This release includes the following issues:
* Support for OpenTofu in Building Blocks
* Fix project deletion with long running policy evaluations
* Fixed User Sync Issue in meshObject Import
* Fixed Duplicate Cost Center Issue During Workspace Creation
* Allow Building Block updates during a run execution
* Fix links to API docs
* Prepare Building Block updates via external systems
* Markdown Support for Customizable Pages
* Change AWS OU, Azure MG, and GCP folders for landing zones
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Support for OpenTofu in Building Blocks
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
With this release, Building Blocks now support OpenTofu for Terraform versions greater than 1.5.5.
OpenTofu is a fork of Terraform that is open-source, community-driven, and managed by the Linux Foundation.

#### How to use
You can now enter Terraform versions in your Building Blocks that exceed version 1.5.5. If so, meshStack
will automatically run your code with OpenTofu rather than Terraform. Existing or new Building Blocks that
use version 1.5.5 or lower will still run with Terraform.

### Fix project deletion with long running policy evaluations
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
If a lot of policies are active in a meshStack and their evaluation for big workspaces takes
a long time, errors could have occurred during project and tenant deletion. This is fixed now
and should result in a quick response when marking a project for deletion. The policy evaluation
is now executed asynchronously in the background afterwards.

### Fixed User Sync Issue in meshObject Import
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We've addressed an issue that could occur during meshObject imports, where certain users were not correctly synced to their 
respective groups within meshStack. This fix ensures that the import process now updates all users successfully.

### Fixed Duplicate Cost Center Issue During Workspace Creation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
In this release, we fixed an issue where creating a new workspace would fail on the first attempt, but succeed on the 
second without clarity. This happens if the given cost center is already associated with another workspace. Now, a clear 
information will be displayed, informing you and allowing you to proceed confidently if you choose.

### Allow Building Block updates during a run execution
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously, an update to a Building Block and its inputs failed to trigger a run in case
there was already an active run. This is now fixed, so incoming updates are properly queued and executed 
after the active run.

### Fix links to API docs
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
In the API Users view in the Admin Area, links to API documentation were pointing to the wrong url.
This is now fixed.

### Prepare Building Block updates via external systems
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
We improved the execution of Building Blocks to enable external system like a Github Actions pipeline to send 
updates to Building Block Runs. The API to send these updates will be available soon.

### Markdown Support for Customizable Pages
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Admins can now enter markdown in the description field for the Welcome Page & Landing Page in meshStack. The
markdown will then be formatted and shown to users on the respective page. For example, you can now add links, bold text,
code formatting, and much more based on the Markdown specification.

### Change AWS OU, Azure MG, and GCP folders for landing zones
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Previously, you could not change a landing zone's management group, OU or folder after the landing zone was created. Now, you can update these settings in the landing zone configuration.

