---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.18.0
---

Release period: 2024-04-10 to 2024-04-17

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Delayed Permission Update for SCIM
* Fix Workspace Role Expiration Date
* Fixes tenant details view for pending deletions
* Payment Method Enforcement
* Workload Identity Federation for AWS platforms
* View all Platform Types
* Improved whitespace handling for Building Block Definitions
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Delayed Permission Update for SCIM
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Previously, SCIM group membership updates caused delays in updating user permissions in meshStack, resulting in new members lacking timely access to Workspaces and Projects. This issue has now been resolved.

### Fix Workspace Role Expiration Date
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner


#### Description
When creating a Workspace and assigning users, it was possible to remove the expiration date for the Workspace 
role with a mandatory expiration date. This issue has been fixed now.

### Fixes tenant details view for pending deletions
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
This fixes the issue that a tenant who is in a pending deletion process could
did not properly display its details view in the Admin Area.

### Payment Method Enforcement
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously, projects couldn't add services from the marketplace without active payment methods. Now, 
our update allows to add services regardless of payment method status. Even if payment methods expire, 
users can seamlessly manage and enhance project services, ensuring uninterrupted workflow and smoother 
project management pending when a new payment method is added.

### Workload Identity Federation for AWS platforms
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator


#### Description
You can now configure Workload Identity Federation for the access configuration of AWS replicator and metering 
platform configurations. This feature enables automatic rolling of credentials and you don't have to enter 
any AWS platform credentials to meshStack anymore.

#### How to use
You can test it out by switching from the "Credentials" authentication type to "Workload Identity Federation" for all
access configurations you want to change the authentication type for (replicator and metering use separate access configurations).
You can find a description of what needs to be configured in meshPanel, when you select "Workload Identity Federation".

### View all Platform Types
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Admin Area users can now view a list of all platform types and add new platform types. In a future release this is also where you will be able to edit and remove platform types.

### Improved whitespace handling for Building Block Definitions
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
When creating or editing a Building Block Definition, leading and trailing whitespaces are now cut off 
automatically by meshStack. This prevents copy-and-paste issues, which can easily contain leading or 
trailing whitespaces.

