---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.43.0
---

Release period: 2024-10-02 to 2024-10-09

This release includes the following issues:
* Removal of double-click deletion confirmation
* Fixes input type detection for Terraform
* Extend meshObject API with meshWorkspaceUserBindings
* Consistent 'errorCode' field in API responses
* Project Binding Version 3 in meshObject Declarative Import
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Removal of double-click deletion confirmation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
For some deletion actions in meshStack you can find a small deletion button where the deletion had to be confirmed by
clicking on this small button again. This was not always clear to users and we have removed this interaction in favor
of an explicit dialog where confirmation will be asked. This should improve the user experience when deleting items
in meshStack.

### Fixes input type detection for Terraform
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
A bug prevented the proper detection of input types when using the Terraform auto-import
feature while setting up a Building Block Definition.

### Extend meshObject API with meshWorkspaceUserBindings
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The meshObject API was extended to support the creation, deletion and
retrieval of meshWorkspaceUserBindings via the imperative meshObject API
endpoints (as opposed to the declarative meshObject API endpoints).

#### How to use
The documentation for the new API endpoints is available in our meshObject
API documentation, below the meshProjectGroupBinding. For now, this
functionality is only available for API users, and not for API keys. Support
for API keys will follow in a subsequent release.

### Consistent 'errorCode' field in API responses
**Audience:** User


#### Description
meshStack API responses now consistently include an 'errorCode' field that describes
the nature of the error. Clients can use this field to differentiate errors that 
share the same HTTP status code without parsing the error's 'message' field.

### Project Binding Version 3 in meshObject Declarative Import
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
For the meshObject API, the API version 3 was recently introduced for
meshProjectUserBindings and meshProjectGroupBindings. So far, this new
version could only be used for the imperative API endpoints. Now, the new
version can also be used for the declarative meshObject API endpoints.

