---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.4.0
---

Release period: 2024-01-17 to 2024-01-18

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix handling of OSB errors
* Fix Building Block Card Link
* SCIM support must be enabled in the settings
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix handling of OSB errors
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
With release 2024.2.0 a regression was introduced, that led to service instances and service bindings of an OSB service
instance being stuck in pending state, if the service Broker returned an error. Additionally the call to the service broker was
executed again every second, which led to a lot of service communication logs being created. These issues are fixed now.

#### How to use
The fix for affected service instances, that are stuck in pending state will be applied asynchronously after the release.
These service instances will be transitioned into a failed state with the error message, the service broker provided. It can
take up to a few days until these service instances are fixed.

### Fix Building Block Card Link
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Previously, when you clicked on the name of a Building Block on the Tenant control plane in the Admin Area, you were redirected to a "Not found" page. The broken redirection has been fixed now.

### SCIM support must be enabled in the settings
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Previously you were only able to optionally force user management via SCIM through
the flag "SCIM only user management" in the Admin Area Settings section. 
If this flag was not set, user invitations via IDPs like Entra ID or Google Cloud Directory
worked parallel to SCIM, which could lead to user sync issues.
This flag is now mandatory if you want to use SCIM user management. It will allow to only assign users
in meshStack which previously were imported via SCIM.

