---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.33.0
---

Release period: 2024-07-24 to 2024-08-01

This release includes the following issues:
* Rare replication issues with special characters in username
* Pending Deletion Projects in Workspace Deletion Process
* Add API documentation for API Key login
* Fix for meshBuildingBlocks deletion API
* Fix Highlight Changes for Platform Configuration Event Logs
* Broken display name for building block inputs/outputs
* Improved Visibility for Pending Tenant and Project Deletions
* Fixed Notification for Granted or Revoked Permissions
* Improved Validation for Role Expiration Dates
* Modal for Role Assignment only shows if necessary
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Rare replication issues with special characters in username
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
This fixes a bug which led to rare replication failure when for example
a user with a special character in his name was present on the tenant.
Not all meshStacks were affected by this bug.

### Pending Deletion Projects in Workspace Deletion Process
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Previously, when deleting a Workspace with Tenants and Projects from the Admin Area, the link to check for stale Projects 
showed only active ones, which was confusing if there were also pending deletion Projects for this Workspace. With the fix, 
clicking the link now displays both active and pending deletion Projects, ensuring clear visibility on all associated Projects 
for Workspace removal.

### Add API documentation for API Key login
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
The /api/login endpoint to get an access token with your API Key is now available in the API docs.
This endpoint is also part of the Postman collection and the OpenAPI docs now. This enables an easy
approach for testing the API calls with your API Key. The docs describe in detail how to use API keys
and how to authenticate with them.

### Fix for meshBuildingBlocks deletion API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Previous to this change, the deletion endpoint for meshBuildingBlocks
would always only purge the meshBuildingBlock from meshStack without
respecting the deletion mode on the Building Block's definition version.
The deletion mode is now correctly considered.

There is also a new endpoint to enforce purging of a meshBuildingBlocks.
API Users can only use the new endpoint if the administrative right for
deleting Building Blocks was assigned to them.

### Fix Highlight Changes for Platform Configuration Event Logs
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
In the Event Logs section inside the Admin Area, platform configuration
changes are shown in a diff view that conveniently highlights all changes,
with deletions shown in red and additions shown in green. Previously, this
diff view was only available for recently created events. Now, this diff view
is also used for older events.

### Broken display name for building block inputs/outputs
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
This fixes a display bug which only displayed a repeated name for building block
inputs and outputs when multiple of such inputs/outputs were present in a single
building block.

### Improved Visibility for Pending Tenant and Project Deletions
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously, it wasn't clear to users when a Project or Tenant deletion was still 
pending, meaning required approval from the admin. Now, application team members 
can clearly see when Projects and Tenants are awaiting deletion, making it 
transparent why immediate deletion isn't possible and which resources are pending 
deletion.

### Fixed Notification for Granted or Revoked Permissions
**Audience:** User, Partner


#### Description
Previously, when users were added or removed from Workspace or Project
bindings via the API, affected users received a notification indicating that
the change was made by admin@meshcloud.io. This has been fixed, the
notification now correctly states that the change was made via API.

### Improved Validation for Role Expiration Dates
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We have enhanced the validation for workspace role expiration dates to prevent errors. Previously, it was possible to enter 
expiration dates that exceeded the predefined maximum limits set in Admin compliance, which led to issues. Now, when a date 
exceeds the maximum allowable expiration date, a validation error is displayed immediately, ensuring compliance and preventing 
potential errors.

### Modal for Role Assignment only shows if necessary
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
In some edge cases, when assigning a workspace or a project role to a user, a
modal was shown that required the user to enter a reason explaining why that
role is required, even if 4-eyes principle was not active. This was fixed, so
that this modal is now displayed only if 4-eyes principle is enabled.

