---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.45.0
---

Release period: 2024-10-16 to 2024-10-23

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Platform Tenant ID for OSB tenants
* Arrange tag values vertically instead of horizontally
* Fix Building Block operator default value not saved
* Fix HTTP 500 when null value inside a tag specification
* Prevent project user access with expired workspace role
* API Keys with admin permissions
* Fixes error when bulk deleting dependent Building Blocks
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Platform Tenant ID for OSB tenants
**Audience:** User


#### Description
The platform tenant ID for OSB tenants was not shown in meshPanel. This is fixed now and the
ID should also be available for all OSB tenants now.

### Arrange tag values vertically instead of horizontally
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner


#### Description
Tag values are now arranged vertically instead of horizontally, i.e, one
below the other instead of side-by-side. This change was introduced to avoid
that tag values are cut off if the available screen width is insufficient to
display all tag values.

### Fix Building Block operator default value not saved
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
This fixes a bug that prevented saving inputs of type operator input for a Building Block
if the value was provided as a default value and was not changed.

### Fix HTTP 500 when null value inside a tag specification
**Audience:** User


#### Description
This fixes a bug which resulted in a HTTP 500 if you provided a null value in a tag
specification when interacting with the meshObject API.

### Prevent project user access with expired workspace role
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously only the project binding and its expiration controlled if a user was able to access a cloud project. 
The behavior was now improved so if a workspace role for a user or group expires they will also loose access for 
the cloud tenants inside this workspace, just as if their project role has expired. Please remember to check the 
expiration date for your workspace users.
This also affects the users listed in a Building Block input.

### API Keys with admin permissions
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
This release introduces "Admin permissions" for API Keys. 
Admin permissions grant an API key access to meshObjects in all workspaces specific list/update/delete operations. 
This release adds new admin permissions for meshProjects.

#### How to use
Only admins can add admin permissions to new and existing API keys via the Admin Area. 
Workspace Owners can review these admin permissions and revoke them if necessary. However, Workspace Owners cannot 
add new admin permissions to an existing API key.
The new "permissions" column in the API key list view allows admins to quickly identify keys 
with these privileged permissions.

### Fixes error when bulk deleting dependent Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
When you selected multiple Building Blocks and tried to delete them while one was a child of 
the other an internal server error occurred. This has been fixed.

