---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.8.0
---

Release period: 2024-02-07 to 2024-02-14

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix for deletion of WorkspaceUserGroups
* Fix showing Building Block Runs if waiting for operator
* Platform and Building Block management for workspaces
* Prevent Azure Subscription re-discovery in legacy process
* Fix dead links in API documentation
* Generate building block definition outputs from terraform
* Sort name & identifier in workspace overview
* Extending Information in Service Catalog
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix for deletion of WorkspaceUserGroups
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator


#### Description
When a WorkspaceUserGroup was deleted, permissions on the according workspace
were removed for all users and groups. As WorkspaceUserGroup deletion is only
possible via API and is usually done via an automated sync process, those
permissions were recreated again on the next synchronization run. So it was
only a temporary issue. It is fixed now, so only the permissions for the
deleted WorkspaceUserGroup are removed from the workspace.

### Fix showing Building Block Runs if waiting for operator
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
If a Building Block was in the "Waiting For Operator" status, no Runs were shown for this
Building Block. This is fixed now.

### Platform and Building Block management for workspaces
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
It is now possible to define Building Blocks and Platforms from within a workspace. As this feature is in Beta,
it is only available in QA environments by default. If you want to enable this Beta feature in your environment,
please contact "support@meshcloud.io". Building Blocks and Platforms created within a workspace are currently only
available within the same workspace (publishing them will be available soon). This feature enables you to build up
a service ecosystem to which everyone in your organization can contribute. It also provides clear responsibility
for operating Building Blocks and Platforms, as they are owned by a certain workspace with a defined list of workspace
members and an owner.

#### How to use
If configured as mentioned above, you now find a "Go To Services Management" button in the Workspace Control Plane.
Via that button you get to the area, where you can manage your Building Blocks and Platforms.

### Prevent Azure Subscription re-discovery in legacy process
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
In the legacy Azure Enterprise Agreement enrollment Subscription creation process
an existing Subscription that was waiting for deletion could be accidentally
recognized as an existing tenant in meshStack, preventing a successful replication. This rare case has been
fixed.

### Fix dead links in API documentation
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Previously, the links for the Postman collection and the OpenAPI documentation
in our public API docs did not work. This is now fixed.

### Generate building block definition outputs from terraform
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
You can now import outputs by copy-pasting terraform code into the meshStack panel.

### Sort name & identifier in workspace overview
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
It is now possible to sort on the name & identifier of a workspace in the workspace overview in the Admin Area.
This should make it easier to get an overview of all workspaces under your management.

### Extending Information in Service Catalog
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We've added additional information to distinguish the offered 
services in the marketplace. Labels below the title of the offering 
will inform you about typ, location or privacy making it easier to 
find what users are looking for

