---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.21.0
---

Release period: 2025-05-19 to 2025-05-22

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Building Blocks List in Definition Control Plane
* Refactor meshCommunication object
* Enable Output Deletion When Not on Latest Version
* Keyboard Operability for Marketplace Cards
* Building Block Code Input Type
* Project Role Self Service
* Show Correct Target for Communications
* Markdown Support for Communication Center E-Mails
* Remove displayName from meshCommunicationDefinition Request
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Building Blocks List in Definition Control Plane
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Previously, the 'Building Blocks' tab in the building block definition control plane displayed incorrect results, either showing an empty list in the Platform Builder or all definitions in the Admin Area. This has now been fixed. The tab now correctly shows only the building blocks related to the building block definition.

### Refactor meshCommunication object
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The meshObject API has been adapted by moving the reference of communication definition
from the metadata to the spec of the meshCommunication.
Since the meshCommunicationDefinition API is still in a preview stage, this
change was introduced without introducing a new version. For more details
about our versioning concept, please refer to the Versioning section in our
meshObject API documentation.

### Enable Output Deletion When Not on Latest Version
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
You can now delete outputs that are used in other building block definitions if they are not referenced by the latest released version.

### Keyboard Operability for Marketplace Cards
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Users can now navigate and interact with marketplace cards using the keyboard.
This includes focusing on cards using Tab, selecting the service name with Enter, focusing on  
"more menu" (three dots) via Tab and using it via Enter.

### Building Block Code Input Type
**Audience:** User, Operator


#### Description
We introduced a new input type for Building Blocks that may represent complex
values such as lists, objects, maps etc. A text editor is added to the panel that 
allows proper text formatting.
The "User Permissions" input source for Building Blocks will now also be of this
new input type.

### Project Role Self Service
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We have extended the project role overview page to include the ability 
to create, update and delete. This will allow users to manage their 
project roles more effectively and streamline the process of creating 
and deleting configurations.

### Show Correct Target for Communications
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner


#### Description
Previously, when creating communications that targeted tenants or building
blocks, only the associated workspace of that tenant or building block was shown in
the panel, but not the tenant or building block itself. This has been fixed,
so that the real target is shown in the panel.

### Markdown Support for Communication Center E-Mails
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
E-Mails that are sent after a new communication was created inside the
Communication Center are now formatted with Markdown support.

### Remove displayName from meshCommunicationDefinition Request
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The meshObject API has been adapted by removing the displayName from the
payload of the meshCommunicationDefinition. The displayName property was
identical to the communication title, so the removal was done to simplify the
usage of the API.
Since the meshCommunicationDefinition API is still in a preview stage, this
change was introduced without introducing a new version. For more details
about our versioning concept, please refer to the Versioning section in our
meshObject API documentation.

