---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.20.0
---

Release period: 2025-05-08 to 2025-05-15

This release includes the following issues:
* List managed building blocks via meshObject API
* Multiselect for Building Block Inputs
* Keyboard Navigation for Profile Menu
* Communication Center E-Mails include Workspace
* Show Communications for Workspace-Level Building Blocks
* Assign Communications to their Correct Workspace
* Fix DELETE meshUser API when SCIM enabled
* Fixed Building Block Run Page
* Revised Tenant Deletion E-Mails
* Introduce Communication Center to Platform Builder
* Add missing Filter Option on 'Aborted' in Building Blocks
* Warn Users about upcoming Group Binding Expiration
* Project Role Overview
* meshBuildingBlockDefinition API
* Admin Role Renaming
* Restrict meshCommunication API for workspace-scoped API keys
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### List managed building blocks via meshObject API
**Audience:** Operator, User


#### Description
The meshObject API for Building Blocks version v2-preview has been
extended in a way that you can now list Building Blocks that were
created in other workspaces as long as you are the owner of the used
Building Block Definition.
There is a new permission for API Keys for managed Building Blocks
in order to do so. Please refer to our API documentation for required
query parameters on the respective endpoint.

### Multiselect for Building Block Inputs
**Audience:** Customer, User


#### Description
We added support for multi-selection for building block inputs. 
Building block owners can now define a set of values for user and operator inputs when editing their definitions.
When such a building block is created by a user, one or more of those values can be selected.
The selected values are handed over to Terraform building blocks as a list of strings.

### Keyboard Navigation for Profile Menu
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Users can now access and operate the top right profile menu via the keyboard.

### Communication Center E-Mails include Workspace
**Audience:** Customer, User


#### Description
E-Mails that were sent via the Communication Center now also include the
workspace name, so that users that are assigned to multiple workspaces
immediately see which workspace this communication is related to.

### Show Communications for Workspace-Level Building Blocks
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
Previously, when a communication was created and a workspace-level building
block was selected as target, the communication was not shown for the recipient in the
panel. This is now fixed.

### Assign Communications to their Correct Workspace
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator


#### Description
Previously, communications created via meshObject API that targeted a tenant or
a building block were always associated to the workspace that was
associated to that tenant or building block during the time of the creation
of that communication. Therefore, a communication remained in its old
workspace if the tenant or building block was moved to another workspace.
This has been fixed. This fix is also applied to previously created
communications, therefore, if a communication was created and the targeted
tenant or building block was moved to another workspace prior to this fix,
then this communication is now moved to the correct workspace.
This problem only existed for communications created via meshObject API, not
for communications created via the panel.

### Fix DELETE meshUser API when SCIM enabled
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
meshStack v2025.17 introduced an unintended change that would start rejecting
requests to the DELETE meshUser API when SCIM user provisioning was enabled.
This release restores the previous behavior of the API endpoint as originally
introduced in meshStack v2025.11.

### Fixed Building Block Run Page
**Audience:** User


#### Description
The building block run page is now fixed to display the inputs/outputs of the run again.
This was previously broken within our recent release.

### Revised Tenant Deletion E-Mails
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
The e-mail notifications that are sent out when a tenant must manually be
deleted have been slightly revised. From now on, if the tenant deletion was
requested due to the project being deleted, then the e-mail includes a text
to inform about this fact.

### Introduce Communication Center to Platform Builder
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
The communication center is now available in the platform builder. This
allows platform teams to communicate with other teams inside their
organization, for example, to announce maintenance windows or feature
deprecations.

### Add missing Filter Option on 'Aborted' in Building Blocks
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
The status 'Aborted' is correctly displayed in building blocks view but was not available as a filter option. This option has been added now.

### Warn Users about upcoming Group Binding Expiration
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
Previously, notifications that warn users about the upcoming expiration of
their workspace role have only been sent if that role was obtained via a user
binding. This has been adapted so that users are also notified if they've
obtained the role via a group binding, i.e., if they've been added to a group
and that group has been given access to the workspace.

### Project Role Overview
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We've added a project role overview page to settings > management within 
the admin area to get an overview about all existing project roles.

### meshBuildingBlockDefinition API
**Audience:** Operator, User


#### Description
We introduced a new meshBuildingBlockDefinition API in version v1-preview
to be able to manage building block definitions. There is no support yet 
for managing building block definition versions, but this will follow soon. 
The endpoints remain in preview mode for now. Future changes might still occur.

### Admin Role Renaming
**Audience:** User


#### Description
To improve clarity and remove confusing terminology, we have updated several admin role names in meshstack. The following role names have 
been updated:
- Partner Admin > Organization Admin
- Partner Employee > Organization User
- Platform Operator > Platform Engineer
- Controller > FinOps Manager
These changes are now reflected in the Admin Access page, including dropdown menus and all associated tabs.

### Restrict meshCommunication API for workspace-scoped API keys
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
The meshObject API for creating meshCommunications has been adapted such that
platform teams can only create communications for entities they are responsible
for. This means that the following restrictions now apply when communications
are created via workspace-scoped API keys: When the target kind is
meshBuildingBlock, the targeted building block must be based on a building
block definition which is located within the platform builder of the
workspace of that API key. Similarly, when the target kind is meshTenant,
then the tenant must be associated to a platform that is located within the
platform builder of the workspace of that API key.

