---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.15.0
---

Release period: 2025-04-02 to 2025-04-09

This release includes the following issues:
* Fixes UI navbar background content visible
* Workspaces name and identifier UI update
* Tenant reuse protection removed
* Fix missing event log for communication definition
* Service Management Area Financials based on Chargeback 2.0
* Fix for rare tenant deletion failure
* Fix for Copying Truncated Tag Values
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fixes UI navbar background content visible
**Audience:** User


#### Description
This fixes a small cosmetic issue that caused the background to be visible 
behind the header navbar.

### Workspaces name and identifier UI update
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
To reduce user confusion, we have improved how workspace names 
and identifiers are displayed in the filter list. Instead of 
showing them side by side in a single line, they are now presented 
more clearly making it easier to distinguish between name and identifier.

### Tenant reuse protection removed
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
With the latest version of the billing system, tenants can be reused without causing data artifacts.
The tenant reuse protection was therefore removed.
This means cloud projects not deleted in the cloud can be imported again to be used inside the 
same or a different workspace.

### Fix missing event log for communication definition
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Previously, when a communication definition was deleted, the entry in the
event log for the creation of this communication definition was deleted as
well. This has been fixed.

### Service Management Area Financials based on Chargeback 2.0
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Usage reports and building block reports in the financial data section of the service management 
area are now based on data from Chargeback 2.0. They still used data from the old process before. 
You can now profit from more details provided for the usage reports like the status and the 
cancelled usage reports that may exist for a given usage report.

### Fix for rare tenant deletion failure
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
This fixes a rare race condition that could lead to a tenant not properly recognized as deleted and showing
up as a seemingly failed replication.

### Fix for Copying Truncated Tag Values
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Previously, when attempting to copy a truncated tag value (with ellipsis), only the truncated value was copied, not the complete one. This issue has been resolved. Now, when you copy a tag, you will get the full, complete tag value instead of the truncated version.

