---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.19.0
---

Release period: 2025-04-30 to 2025-05-08

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix empty Static Input Variables in Drafts
* Allow tenant move if tenant of same platform is deleted
* Fixed workspace targeting in notifications
* New meshTenant API version
* Allow Due Date Changes to Published Communications
* Fix AWS Tenant Deletion For Unexpected Account IDs
* Extended Permissions of the Onboarding Support Role
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix empty Static Input Variables in Drafts
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Previously, when you created or opened a draft with static input variables, the form doesn't load correctly. This prevents you from saving the draft until the inputs are manually re-entered. This issue has now been fixed.

### Allow tenant move if tenant of same platform is deleted
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
YoYou can now move a tenant to a project with the same platform as long as the existing tenant has been fully deleted. Previously, the move blocked all tenants from the same platform, even those that were already deleted.

### Fixed workspace targeting in notifications
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Resolved an issue where the workspace targeting filter was not applied correctly. 
Notifications now respect the selected workspace(s) and are only delivered to the intended recipients.

### New meshTenant API version
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
In order to fully support moving tenants to other projects, we introduced a new API version v4 for meshTenants.
With this new version, meshTenants are identified via their UUID, instead of the tenant name as it was before.
This change allows us to move tenants to other projects without the need to change the tenant name for API calls.
We also improved some other aspects of the meshTenant in the API. You can check how the new version looks like in 
the API docs. Please make sure to switch to this new meshTenant version, if you are using the meshTenant API. 
Otherwise you may run into issues, when you also use the move tenant functionality.

### Allow Due Date Changes to Published Communications
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Users can now update the due date of published communications. 
Changes are applied instantly across workspace and admin views.

### Fix AWS Tenant Deletion For Unexpected Account IDs
**Audience:** User


#### Description
This fixes a bug which prevented the deletion of an AWS tenant if this tenant was 
imported with an ID that did not match the expected AWS format.

### Extended Permissions of the Onboarding Support Role
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
Users with the "Onboarding Support" role can now view all other users and
their project and role assignments in the Admin Area.

