---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.11.2
---

Release period: 2025-03-20 to 2025-03-25

This release includes the following issues:
* Building Block Output Mismatch Can Cause Runs
* Page Title Accessibility Enhancement
* Restrict meshServiceInstance creator via meshObject API
* Workspace Building Block as Dependencies
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Building Block Output Mismatch Can Cause Runs
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
A bug in the output handling of building blocks could cause unexpected building block runs if the 
outputs of the Terraform execution did not match the outputs defined in the building block definition.

### Page Title Accessibility Enhancement
**Audience:** User


#### Description
In this release, we have implemented dynamic page titles across meshstack to improve accessibility and user experience. Users 
can now easily identify which page they are viewing through the browser tab title.

### Restrict meshServiceInstance creator via meshObject API
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We have restricted the use of the "admin@meshcloud.io" system user in the "spec.creator" field of a meshServiceInstance.
This change prevents new service instances from using this user. We have updated our API documentation accordingly.
Please review this release note for more details.

#### How to use
The purpose of the "spec.creator" field is to control which meshStack user gets passed to an Open Service Broker 
as the "Originating Identity" via the "X-Broker-API-Originating-Identity" header.
API Users were allowed to specify "admin@meshcloud.io" as a "spec.creator" value in the past and we included this as
an example in our API documentation.
We have also removed the "admin@meshcloud.io" system user from the user list of the admin area.
Internal system jobs running inside meshStack continue to use the "admin@meshcloud.io" user to record event logs.

### Workspace Building Block as Dependencies
**Audience:** Partner, Operator, User


#### Description
You can now use building blocks on workspace level as parent dependencies
for tenant level building blocks. To do that, edit the building block definition
of your tenant level building block and add the workspace level building block as a dependency.
Please note that this does not work the other way around. Tenant level building 
blocks cannot be parent dependencies for workspace level building blocks.

