---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.6.0
---

Release period: 2025-02-05 to 2025-02-12

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Sign Url for GitHub Platforms
* Fix Building Block Definition Notification Subscribers
* Fix Tenant Movement to Project with same Identifier
* Explicit permission for importing unmanaged tenants via API
* Fixed Incorrect Notifications about Exceeded Budgets
* Improved Tag Validation
* Clickable links for Building Block Inputs & Outputs
* Hide SSH and Known Host if not needed for Building Blocks
* Spending Forecast for Payment Methods
* Building Block Pricing Definition moved to General
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Sign Url for GitHub Platforms
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
If a building block in a GitHub platform provided a sign URL, the URL was not being used. This is fixed now.

### Fix Building Block Definition Notification Subscribers
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
When notification subscribers were added to a building block definition, the subscribers were not shown
anymore after a page reload or when entering the building block definition again. Additionally, the creator 
of a building block definition is automatically added as a notification subscriber. This user was not displayed
either. This led to unexpected behavior when trying to add these users or remove newly added users again. 
Even though these users were not shown, they were still set and received notifications as intended.
The issue is fixed now and the existing subscription users are shown.

### Fix Tenant Movement to Project with same Identifier
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Previously, it was not possible to move a tenant to another project within
another workspace if the new project had the same identifier as the old
project. This is now fixed.

### Explicit permission for importing unmanaged tenants via API
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
There is now an explicit permission for importing any unmanaged tenants from any platform with API keys. 
This is a dedicated permission that can be given to workspace-scoped API keys without needing to give
out the almighty "Create and Update Tenants across all workspaces" permission.
The new permission can be found under "Admin: When creating Tenants in this workspace, allow importing unmanaged tenants from any platform".

### Fixed Incorrect Notifications about Exceeded Budgets
**Audience:** User, Customer


#### Description
Previously, meshStack sent notifications to inform about exceeded budgets
even if the payment method was not associated to any project anymore. This
has been fixed.

### Improved Tag Validation
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
We improved the way tags on meshObjects get validated. This especially now includes, that updates made via API keys
have to comply fully with how the tag was defined in the tag editor in meshStack. This includes a check for whether the
tag is mandatory or restricted. It also checks for defined regex patterns and all other limitations defined on a tag
definition.

### Clickable links for Building Block Inputs & Outputs
**Audience:** User


#### Description
If your building block input or output is formatted as a URL you can now directly
click on the value and open the respective URL is a new tab.

### Hide SSH and Known Host if not needed for Building Blocks
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
When creating a Terraform Building Block, the SSH and Known Host fields are now hidden if they are not needed.
This change makes it easier to create Building Blocks that do not require SSH or Known Hosts.

### Spending Forecast for Payment Methods
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
We've added forecasting to the payment method graph. Now, when you view a
payment method chart in the panel, you'll see a dotted line projecting costs
for the next 12 months, helping you plan your spending ahead.

### Building Block Pricing Definition moved to General
**Audience:** User


#### Description
In this release, we have streamlined the building block definition process by repositioning the pricing form within the creation wizard. 
Previously a separate step, pricing is now integrated into the General step. Additionally, pricing is marked as optional, ensuring 
users they do not have to fill in this field if they do not want to.

