---
author: Meshcloud
title: Release 3.0.0
---

The release spans the period between 2018-09-27 to 2018-10-11
The following tickets are included in this release.
* Navigate directly to Platform Instances
* Group multiple platform instances of the same type under a location
* Optionally fail replication of SAML IdP and Roles if not found initially
* Filters usage reports for a billable flag
* Fix locations flicker enabled/disabled after creating project
* Asynchronous Service Bindings in Marketplace
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Navigate directly to Platform Instances
**Audience:** Users **Component:** panel

#### Description
Users can now directly navigate to cloud platform instances from the home screen as well
as from the navigation drop-downs in the nav-bar. Tools for working with cloud resources
directly from meshPanel (e.g. for Cloud Foundry, OpenStack) are also no longer "aggregated"
on the same screen and menu for a mesh location. Instead, users can now navigate directly
to these platforms.

#### How to use
In the nav-bar, selet a project and then select a platform instance. The platform instances
are grouped by Location and display their type in an icon. Meshstack operators should
re-evaluate their location and platform instance naming strategies in light of these changes
to ensure they provide good guidance to users.

### Group multiple platform instances of the same type under a location
**Audience:** Operators **Component:** meshfed

#### Description
Operators can now add multiple platform instances of the same type to a single location.
This is useful to e.g. provide a next-generation version of a platform to users under the same
geographic location. When using this new feature, operators should ensure sensible naming of
platform instances and locations to provide good guidance to end-users.

### Optionally fail replication of SAML IdP and Roles if not found initially
**Audience:** Operator **Component:** Replication (AWS)

#### Description
It allows the replicator to AWS to fail if no suitable IdP or user role was found instead of
creating them.

#### How to use
In the configuration files for the replicator add a flag under the platform configuration with
the value: `replicator-aws.platforms[?].failIfSAMLIdpOrRoleNotFound: true`

### Filters usage reports for a billable flag
**Audience:** Customer, Partner **Component:** Billing

#### Description
Inside the Partner Section and the Customer Billing section the usage reports can now optionally be
filtered if they require billing or not. Partner can set their Customer to 'Verified' instead of 'Billable',
this will prevent the generation of billable usage reports.

#### How to use
In the partner area go to customers, search for the customer and click on the status badge. There you can choose
to make the customer billable or verified.

### Fix locations flicker enabled/disabled after creating project
**Audience:** Users **Component:** panel

#### Description
When creating a project, the locations selector state no longer flickers between enabled/disabled
after project creation is completed and before navigating back to the project list.

### Asynchronous Service Bindings in Marketplace
**Audience:** Customers

#### Description
If the creation of a binding takes longer, the UX is enhanced, because the initial binding creation command returns quickly. Afterwards the status information of the binding is automatically updated on the screen.

