---
author: Meshcloud
title: Release 3.3.4
---

The release spans the period between 2018-11-21 to 2018-11-23
The following tickets are included in this release.
* Active meshProjects chart
* KPI Dashboard for Cloud Usage and Distribution
* Fix horizontal scroll on small screens (meshPanel)
* Customer display name can be updated
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Active meshProjects chart
**Audience:** Partner, Operator **Component:** panel

#### Description
The projects over time chart in the Partner Area was updated and clarified to show active projects only.
Deleted projects are now correctly accounted in the daily history and no longer disappear from the history.

### KPI Dashboard for Cloud Usage and Distribution
**Audience:** Partner, Operator

#### Description
Partners and Operators can now review cloud usage statistics in the Partner area.
Three new charts show the number of platform tenants managed by meshStack aggregated by platform instance, location 
and platform types. This allows partners and operators to better oversee cloud usage and usage distribution.

### Fix horizontal scroll on small screens (meshPanel)
**Audience:** User

#### Description
The footer row in meshPanel now responsively hides some links on small screens to prevent horizontal overflow.
This was an issue when Operators configured too many links for display in the footer row (e.g. Links for 
Terms of Service, Support etc.).

### Customer display name can be updated
**Audience:** Customer Admin

#### Description
Customer Admins can now update the display name of their customer accounts. Changing the display name will only affect the display name as it appears in meshstack, it will not change the immutable identifier that is used to represent the customer in cloud platforms.

