---
author: Meshcloud
title: Release 5.1.1
---

Release period: 2019-06-25 to 2019-06-30

This release includes the following issues:
* OpenStack Nova metering by flavor name
* Manage custom payments through external api
* Fix meshMarketplace Service Instance list
* Partner invite link can be disabled
* Removal of fetchProjectUsage API
* Fixed sidebar "Tools" menu order
* Support external user identifiers
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### OpenStack Nova metering by flavor name
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** kraken


#### Description
The resource definition for 'openstack.nova.vm' now consistently uses
flavor names instead of id. This allows operators to more easily create product
catalogs that span multiple OpenStack deployments which have the same flavor
names but different ids in each platform instance.

#### How to use
No change is required for operators who have previously set flavor ids in their 
OpenStack platform instances to match the flavor names. Otherwise, operators need
to update their product catalogs.

### Manage custom payments through external api
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Custom payments can now created and updated with custom attributes depend on an unique payment identifier.

### Fix meshMarketplace Service Instance list
**Audience:** User, Customer<br>

#### Description
Fixed an error that caused the meshMarketplace Service Instance List to display an
error "Resource was not found on this server".

### Partner invite link can be disabled
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
A operator can now configure to disable the partner invite link. With this link a newly registered user is directly subscribed to a partner account.

### Removal of fetchProjectUsage API
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
The experimental project usage API has been removed.
Usage data will be available via a CSV based export of project statements
instead.

### Fixed sidebar "Tools" menu order
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
After selecting a tenant to manage in the panel, the sidebar would
not always sort the Tools menu at the bottom for Azure, AWS, GCP and 
OpenShift tenant. The tools menu is now always at the bottom of the 
sidebar.

### Support external user identifiers
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
meshStack can now store an external user identifier from connected enterprise Identity Providers.
This identifier is also part of tenant specifications and will enable management of externally
provisioned user identities in Azure and GCP.

