---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 4.5.0
---

Release period: 2019-03-27 to 2019-03-29

This release includes the following issues:
* Customer Audit Events
* Partner can manually approve Customer
* Audit Event Retention
* Added further project audit events
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Customer Audit Events
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
Customer Audit Events have been added for all relevant actions done on customers (registration, assign user, changed user role, etc).

#### How to use
Partners and Admins can access the Customer History from the customer list in the Administration Area.

### Partner can manually approve Customer
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** panel, meshfed


#### Description
meshFed can be configured in a way that a Partner can now manually approve customer. If the customer is manually approved by a partner he does not need to
verify his email. To make it easier for a Partner to find unapproved Customer a new filter option was added.

#### How to use
Go to the admin area and open the 'Customers' panel. Every not approved customer has an action icon to manually approve him.

### Audit Event Retention
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
Audit Events will now be deleted automatically after a configurable amount of years to be compliant with data protection rules.

### Added further project audit events
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
New Project events, mainly related to user authorization on projects, have been added.

