---
author: Meshcloud
title: Release 5.3.0
---

Release period: 2019-07-08 to 2019-07-15

This release includes the following issues:
* Change interface for project location assignment
* Project statements for Customer Admins
* Enhance Service Instance Update Call
* Naming optimizations for Service Owner Self-Service
* Create Customer as existing user
* Project Statement Overview for project
* Faster panel loading
* Project Statements Overview on Dashboard
* Give further partner groups access to pending role requests
* Explanation for empty project statements
* Improved AzureAD role replication
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Change interface for project location assignment
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
To improve user interaction when editing a project, locations are added/removed immediately and not as part of a separate save step.

### Project statements for Customer Admins
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Customer Admins now have an overview of project statements for all their customer projects in the account area.

### Enhance Service Instance Update Call
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
Updating a Service Instance via the OSB API requires the "plan_id" attribute to not be present at all,
if no change to the plan shall be made. Previously we sent the attribute with a null value. This is fixed now,
so the "plan_id" is not present at all in the request.

### Naming optimizations for Service Owner Self-Service
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
The "Marketplace Integrations" section in the Customer Area was renamed to "Marketplace Development".
Further naming and description improvements have been made around the separation of private and published
service brokers.

### Create Customer as existing user
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** web


#### Description
Users are now allowed to create a new customer by default. Previously this had to be configured
for the meshcloud installation.

#### How to use
Click "Create Customer" in the customer dropdown located in the header navigation.

### Project Statement Overview for project
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
An overview of all project statements can now be accessed from the Project Dashboard.

### Faster panel loading
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
The panel now defers prefetching lazy loaded modules on initial page load instead of prefetching them immediately.
This improves time until first meaningful paint and makes the panel more responsive after loading.

### Project Statements Overview on Dashboard
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
On the project dashboard the last three project statement totals are shown in a chart.
This provides all project users with a quick overview of the recent project cost.

### Give further partner groups access to pending role requests
**Audience:** Operator, Partner<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Groups like Operator-Support, Onboarding-Support and Partner-Employee have now all rights to handle pending customer user role requests and project user role requests.

### Explanation for empty project statements
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
It is possible that because of timing issues there might be empty project statements for a period of time. This behavior is expected. Now there is a notice visible in the panel explaining this situation.

### Improved AzureAD role replication
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
When using Azure platform instances with externally provisioned users in AAD,
replication of meshProject role assignments to AAD can intermittently fail due
to eventual consistency in AAD. The replicator now explicitly handles this
to improve latency to successful meshProject replication to Azure.

