---
author: Meshcloud
title: Release 6.0.0
---

Release period: 2019-10-01 to 2019-10-14

This release includes the following issues:
* Show Landing Zone description and info link
* Automatic instancing of OpenShift templates
* Account alias on AWS account selection screen
* Improve email validation
* Automatic User invite for Azure AD
* Adds resource existence check for Cloud Foundry routes
* Improved Azure Blueprint auto-update error handling
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Show Landing Zone description and info link
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Landing Zones provide an optional info link field to show detailed Landing Zone information in a wiki or similar. The description and info link are shown when creating and editing projects.

### Automatic instancing of OpenShift templates
**Audience:** User, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
If enabled (default is not enabled) the meshProject replication can instantiate an OpenShift Template which is able to
create project resources inside an OpenShift namespace.

#### How to use
The feature needs to be enabled for your installation. And an OpenShift template can be setup in an OpenShift
Landingzone. This landing zones needs to be attached to a meshProject.

### Account alias on AWS account selection screen
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Besides account id also an account alias is now shown on the AWS account selection. This alias consists of customer and project identifier. It enables quick identification of which account belongs to which meshProject.

### Improve email validation
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Email address validation is improved when inviting users or entering a company/billing address.

### Automatic User invite for Azure AD
**Audience:** User, Operator<br>**Component:** repli


#### Description
Adds a feature when enabled automatically invites user from an existing Azure Active Directory into the AD in which the replicated
meshProject subscriptions live. In most cases this reduces the need to manually sync Azure user accounts.

#### How to use
The feature is disabled by default and must be enabled in your meshStack installation before use. Please check the meshStack operator
documentation for more information.

### Adds resource existence check for Cloud Foundry routes
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Existing routes are now shown during a resource existence check when a project is deleted.

### Improved Azure Blueprint auto-update error handling
**Audience:** Operator, Partner<br>**Component:** azure


#### Description
Unexpected Blueprint assignments can occur when Operators manually assign Blueprints to Subscriptions managed by meshcloud.
The replication process now also detects when an existing blueprint assignment does not match the Landing Zone, even though
it carries the expected version number.

