---
author: Meshcloud
title: Release 4.6.1
---

Release period: 2019-04-17 to 2019-04-24

This release includes the following issues:
* New Multi Cloud Metering Engine - Preview
* Expiring Project Role Assignments
* Improves replication error message handling
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### New Multi Cloud Metering Engine - Preview
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
This release includes a preview of meshStack's new multi cloud metering and aggregation engine "Kraken".
The new metering engine enables enhanced multi-cloud metering use cases and will be available in meshStack v5.0.

### Expiring Project Role Assignments
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
An expiry can optionally be defined when assigning a user to a project. The user will only have access
to this project until the expiry date is reached. If 4-EP is activated, changing the expiry date requires
an approval of another user.

#### How to use
When assigning a user on the project edit screen, you can choose an expiry date via a datepicker. When
an expiry date is reached, the user will be highlighted. You can then set a new expiry date or
remove the user from the project. For a better overview of all expired project users among all projects
in a customer, an additional "Expired Access" screen has been added to the Customer Area. You can also
extend or remove expired users via this screen.

### Improves replication error message handling
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** replicator


#### Description
Improves the quality of user facing error messages which can happen during project replication.

