---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 6.5.0
---

Release period: 2019-11-18 to 2019-11-27

This release includes the following issues:
* External Project metadata endpoint
* CSV export customization for SB Usage Reports
* Links for user role request approval
* Adapt to new Azure behavior for Blueprints
* Service broker usage report CSV export
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### External Project metadata endpoint
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
An external endpoint to retrieve project metadata is now available. Via this endpoint, cloud platforms
can enrich resources or tenants with meshMetadata, like billing information, project owner, etc. The API
is based on OpenStack vendor data (https://docs.openstack.org/nova/rocky/user/vendordata.html).

### CSV export customization for SB Usage Reports
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
The CSV export for Service Broker Usage Reports can now be customized to append additonal project tags like costCenter.

### Links for user role request approval
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
With activated 4EP emails could contain an incorrect wrong approval link.

### Adapt to new Azure behavior for Blueprints
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** replicator


#### Description
Azure introduced a new or changed the default behavior of the Blueprint Resource Provider. In the past it was
implicitly registered or not required on subscriptions. By now it is necessary to register it explicitly on
subscriptions in order to assign a blueprint to a subscription.

### Service broker usage report CSV export
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Customer Admins can now export the seller usage reports table as CSV depend on the current filtering and sorting options.

