---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.33.0
---

Release period: 2020-08-31 to 2020-09-09

This release includes the following issues:
* Import meshUsers and meshCustomerUserGroups from LDAP source
* Prevent finding disabled/deleted subscriptions
* Fix all users screen
* Azure user lookup for project replication failed
* UI Changes on Customer Administration Page
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Import meshUsers and meshCustomerUserGroups from LDAP source
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
With this addition, meshStack can be configured to import meshUser and meshCustomerUserGroups from an LDAP source.
The imported groups can also be assigned tags based on LDAP attributes and can additionally be assigned a meshCustomer role.

### Prevent finding disabled/deleted subscriptions
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** azure


#### Description
Prevent the Azure Replicator from picking up a wrong Subscription when using the
Subscription name for filtering. This could happen if a deleted or disabled
Subscription already exists with the same name. (e.g. because a meshProject is created
with an identifier that has been used before)

### Fix all users screen
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Previously users assigned to a meshCustomer only via a group where not shown in the 'All Users' screen. Now we list those users as well.

### Azure user lookup for project replication failed
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** azure


#### Description
This fixes a bug which let the Azure user replication fail when no explicit Marketplace configuration was present.

### UI Changes on Customer Administration Page
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
On the customer page in the ‘Administration’ area, we moved the ‘create customer’ button to the top. Furthermore,
we improved the search capabilities by breaking down the search fields on the name, tags, identifier column.
Additionally, we now aggregated the export functionality in one ‘Export’ button on top. The button includes a
drop-down showing the customer, project, and quota export to pick from.

