---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.45.0
---

Release period: 2020-12-02 to 2020-12-11

This release includes the following issues:
* Missing but configured tenant tags breaking replication
* Retry mechanism for AWS cost collection
* Marketplace metering periodic counter implementation
* Fix duplicate group suggestions in Project Access Control
* Restrict landing zones to meshObject API use only
* Multiple members of a group can now approve role requests
* Display Payment Method status
* Reporting period always goes until end of month
* Reduces memory consumption during GCP cost item collection
* Fixes spelling error in Project Access Control
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Missing but configured tenant tags breaking replication
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** repli


#### Description
If a tag was configured to replicate as a platform tag but this tag
was missing on the meshProject (what can happen, since some tags are optional), 
this leads to failed replication. Now missing tags are just ignored.

### Retry mechanism for AWS cost collection
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>**Component:** kraken


#### Description
In the past the cost collection process on AWS for metering was vulnerable to occasional
IO failures while downloading data. We introduced an improved retry mechanism that improves on
robustness and performance in such cases.

### Marketplace metering periodic counter implementation
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
meshStack previously supported charging marketplace service instances based on the running time of the service instances.
With this feature, you have the possibility of charging other resources consumed by service instances by exposing metrics
from the service broker. We will support periodic counter metrics with this release, and other metrics such as gauges and
sampling counters will be included in future releases.
Periodic counters can be used to model any resource consumption that can be counted over a period.

#### How to use
One example use-case for the periodic counter would be an API Gateway Service where you would like to charge the service
usage based on the number of API requests executed.
Another use-case would be to charge the service usage based on an invoice. This is useful if the service is provided by a third party.
Please refer to the <a href="https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshstack.meshmarketplace.metering.html">Marketplace metering </a>
section in the public documentation for the details on how to extend your service broker to expose metrics.

### Fix duplicate group suggestions in Project Access Control
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
It could be the case that duplicate meshCustomerUserGroups were suggested within the drop-down during the project creation access control. Now, each meshCustomerUserGroup will be included one time.

### Restrict landing zones to meshObject API use only
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
It is now possible to restrict a landing zone to be used only by meshObject API users. This means that Customer Admins are
prohibited from creating a new Tenant in the meshPanel using the given landing zone. The landing zone will also not be
visible for Customers.

#### How to use
Please keep in mind that this functionality requires an additional authority on the API user.
However, we have already enabled this for now for existing meshObject API users.
Marking a landing zone as restricted is possible in the meshPanel in the Landing Zone creation/edit screen for Partners.

### Multiple members of a group can now approve role requests
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Previously only one user from a meshCustomerUserGroup was able to approve a binding request. Now every user who is assigned to a meshCustomerUserGroup with role Customer Admin or Customer Owner can approve binding requests.

### Display Payment Method status
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>**Component:** releasenotes


#### Description
There is a new screen in the organization administration area that lists all
payment methods for the partner and its managed customers. For each payment method
that has a limit defined, a progress bar is shown indicating to which degree the
available budget has been consumed so far. Payment methods can be filtered by several
criteria. The payment method screens in the customer account area have been reworked
to match the new functionality as well.

### Reporting period always goes until end of month
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In the tenant usage reports, the end date for the current reporting period was previously changed incrementally by hour.
As an example, if you looked at the report during the month you would have seen that the report is for a period starting from
the beginning of the month until the current time. This has been changed so that you will always see the end date
of the full reporting period.

### Reduces memory consumption during GCP cost item collection
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** billing


#### Description
Fixes a condition responsible for excessive RAM usage
during GCP cost item collection and therefore could cause an out of memory
condition preventing the cost item collection.

### Fixes spelling error in Project Access Control
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
The table in the Project Access Control showed 'User Group', which included single users as well. Therefore it is renamed to 'Users/Groups'.

