---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.24.0
---

Release period: 2020-06-03 to 2020-06-12

This release includes the following issues:
* Search boxes pre-filled by URL content
* Fixes AWS LZ role mappings being ignored
* Project deletion confirmation
* Scrollable navigation dropdowns
* Preparation of usergroup assignments on customer level
* AWS AccountId provided as Landing Zone parameter
* Project deletion for all platforms
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Search boxes pre-filled by URL content
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
The search box content is now pre-filled when a search query is present in an URL. Now the list and search box content match.

### Fixes AWS LZ role mappings being ignored
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** aws


#### Description
Custom role mappings for meshRoles to AWS roles, which can be configured in a Landing Zone, were not applied correctly.

### Project deletion confirmation
**Audience:** Customer, Operator<br>

#### Description
As a partner or platform engineer you can now review project deletions that require manual deletion.
You can view such projects in the deleted projects page in the administration area.
After performing the manual tenant deletion in the respective platforms, you can click on the trash icon to confirm that the project has been deleted.
The project will later be picked up by a job that will free up the project identifer that was being used by the project.

### Scrollable navigation dropdowns
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
The customer and project navigation dropdowns at the top of meshPanel will become scrollable depending on the
number of items available in the dropdown. The create customer and create project menu items were moved to the
top of the dropdowns for easy access. The customer list is now sorted by alphabetical order.

### Preparation of usergroup assignments on customer level
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
We've prepared the introduction of Customer User Group assignments to customers. In the future it will be possible to assign a group of users to a customer. This will accelerate the customer setup process and onboarding of users. Visible functionality did not change yet. The ability to actually assign Customer User Groups will follow soon.

### AWS AccountId provided as Landing Zone parameter
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
meshStack now additionally supplies `AccountId` and `AccountArn` parameters
when invoking Lambdas and StackSets in AWS Landing Zones.

### Project deletion for all platforms
**Audience:** Customer, Operator<br>

#### Description
You can now mark a project for deletion irrespective of the cloud platform types of the tenants
contained within the project. Once marked for deletion, all project users will loose access to the project.
Projects that contain platforms which are not supported for automatic platform tenant deletion by meshStack, will show up in the deleted projects page
in the administration area where a partner can click on the "Requires manual deletion" checkbox to filter the page
to show only such projects. He has to delete the according platform tenants manually.

