---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.39.0
---

Release period: 2020-10-14 to 2020-10-22

This release includes the following issues:
* Fixed project create & edit without addresses
* Fixes GCP replicator unable to create new groups
* Readable error messages for meshObject API
* Improves roles detection for Azure Blueprint assignments
* Enhanced Tag Visualization
* Linebreaks in Platform Notifications
* Enhanced Look and Feel of Customer Entry Screen
* Project Search on Customer Entry Screen
* Fix possible conflict in meshCustomerUserGroup import
* Fixes error in Access Control page
* Remove Myself feature in the customer user list
* Improves null value handling for GCP SDK
* Policy violations in meshCustomer area
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fixed project create & edit without addresses
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Previously an address had to be available to create or update a project. Now an address is no longer needed to create or update a project if the according config flag is set.

### Fixes GCP replicator unable to create new groups
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** gcp


#### Description
Because of a misleading HTTP return code from GCP API the replicator was unable
to create groups with the new non-domain-delegated service account. This was fixed.

### Readable error messages for meshObject API
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
The meshObject API will return a dedicated error message in
case an invalid identifier is provided or meshProject creation
fails due to exceeded quota settings.

### Improves roles detection for Azure Blueprint assignments
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** azure


#### Description
On some occasions Azure does not return a role assignment properly even though it already exists in the scope of a Subscription. 
This adds a fallback way of checking for this role assignment in order to detect it and thus not fail the Blueprint assignment.

### Enhanced Tag Visualization
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
The visualization of tags has been improved. It now integrates more smoothly into the screens, especially into the new
Customer Entry screen.

### Linebreaks in Platform Notifications
**Audience:** User, Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
Linebreaks that are present in Platform Notifications are now rendered accordingly on the screens where the
notifications are shown.

### Enhanced Look and Feel of Customer Entry Screen
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
The Customer Entry Screen, which is shown after logging in or switching a customer, has been visually enhanced.
It now provides better UX and usage of the available space has been improved.

### Project Search on Customer Entry Screen
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
A search functionality has been added to projects listed on the Customer Entry Screen.

### Fix possible conflict in meshCustomerUserGroup import
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
In some cases already existing meshCustomerUserGroups have not been identified correctly during meshObject Import.
This has been fixed now and meshCustomerUserGroups will be created and updated correctly in the intended customer.

### Fixes error in Access Control page
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Due to an issue in the version 3.2.4.RELASE of spring-data-rest-core library we were using, there was
an error appearing in the Access Control page in the Account area. This prevented the Assigned Users & Groups
section from loading from time to time. With this change we have upgraded to version 3.2.10.RELASE version of the
dependency which fixes the issue.

### Remove Myself feature in the customer user list
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
As a Partner Admin, you were already able to add yourself to a customer in the Administration area by clicking the "Add Myself"
button on the "Customer Users & Groups" page. This feature introduces a "Remove Myself" button on the same page
which you can use to remove yourself from a customer.

### Improves null value handling for GCP SDK
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** gcp


#### Description
Mitigates possible problems during GCP meshProject replication when GCP unexpectedly
returns null in a request.

### Policy violations in meshCustomer area
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** release-notes


#### Description
Previously it was only possible to list all violated policies in the partner area. Now Customer Admins can also list violated policies in context of their customer.

