---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.47.0
---

Release period: 2020-12-16 to 2020-12-23

This release includes the following issues:
* Overview of existing tags in Administration area
* Improved alerting for chargeback statement generation
* EUIDs for new users can be set from custom user properties
* Landing Zone Fees
* Create/edit policy without landingzone tag schema
* Only Organization Admins can create meshPolicies
* Create new meshTenants via the API
* Prevent leaking of replication system remarks
* Customer owner(s) in customer CSV export
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Overview of existing tags in Administration area
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Partners can now view the tags that are configured in the tag schemas for the meshProject and meshCustomer objects.
We will soon introduce the possibility to create, edit and delete tags as well.

#### How to use
This functionality currently only works for Organization Admins. Navigate to the Administration Area and click 'Tags' below the
'Compliance' header. When you open the page, you will see the tags for each type of meshObject. You can click the arrow on the right
of a given meshObject to view the tag information in more detail (e.g. restriction or description).

### Improved alerting for chargeback statement generation
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** kraken


#### Description
Added two new metrics indicating chargeback statements' total and failed count. Alert is also now available when
statement generation process fails.

### EUIDs for new users can be set from custom user properties
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** web


#### Description
If a new user is invited (and thus created in meshStack) its euid can now be updated from
a configurable value which is fetched from either Azure's AAD extension schema or Google Cloud
Directories user schema.
For more information on how to configure this feature please see our documentation.

### Landing Zone Fees
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
With this feature, you now have the possibility to charge a fee on the Landing Zone that is in use by a meshTenant.
This is currently supported only for Azure, AWS and GCP platforms.

#### How to use
The fee needs to be configured as an entry in the product catalog. Since this configuration is done by meshcloud,
please contact us if you would like to enable Landing Zone fees.

### Create/edit policy without landingzone tag schema
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Previously it was not possible to define policies when no tag schema for landing zone meshObjects was defined. Now the setting of policies is independent of the availability of tag schemas for meshObjects not targeted by the policy.

### Only Organization Admins can create meshPolicies
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Previously Organization Users had access to create/edit meshPolicies. Now only Organization Admins are allowed to create/edit meshPolicies. Organization Users are still able to view all existing meshPolicies in the organization.

### Create new meshTenants via the API
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
The meshTenant localId (for example AWS account id or Azure subscription) is now optional via the meshObject import API. This means that a new tenant will be created within the specific platform if no localId was specified.

### Prevent leaking of replication system remarks
**Audience:** User, Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** releasenotes


#### Description
System remarks that were included in the tenant information are not longer included
in responses when navigating to the project dashboard screen.
In result customer employees may not access them anymore. They are now only available
to partner and customer admins.

### Customer owner(s) in customer CSV export
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
Two new columns, customerOwner and additionalCustomerOwner, are included in the meshCustomers CSV export. If there are
no customer owner(s) on the meshCustomer, the columns will be empty.
Moreover, customerContact column has the email address of the customer owner. If no customer owner is set, the
customer admin will be there. In the end, customer employee will be set if no customer admin is set.
Three additional fields are also added in TenantSpec so that those fields could be exported in chargeback statements'
CSV export.

#### How to use
The CSV export can be executed in the Administration area. Navigate to 'Customers' and click 'Export' at the top-right.

