---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.29.0
---

Release period: 2020-07-03 to 2020-07-15

This release includes the following issues:
* GCP usage reports accessible from sidebar
* Fixed [object Object] error in event details screen
* External system redirect page
* Improves user lookup during user invite to customers
* Deleted project queue on navigation panel
* Disabled "detailed view" button for GCP
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### GCP usage reports accessible from sidebar
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Now you can access the GCP tenant usage reports from the tenant page by clicking on the "Usage Reports" link on the sidebar.

### Fixed [object Object] error in event details screen
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
More complex objects in the event content like project tags are now displayed correctly. Previously they were just shown as [object Object]. So now the event details make changes to tags and platform role mappings visible.

### External system redirect page
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
If new meshCustomer registration is configured to be done via an external system, the previous behaviour was to directly
redirect the user to the external system. With this change, we show a redirect page, informing the user about the 
process of meshCustomer creation in the external system. We also provide a button for the user to trigger the redirection.

### Improves user lookup during user invite to customers
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** panel, web


#### Description
The user lookup is now more robust and the UI for adding additional user information was simplified.

### Deleted project queue on navigation panel
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
Previously customers users were able to list projects which are marked for deletion on projects screen by
clicking "Click here" at the top. Now the same functionality is avaliable in the form of an additional navigation item
on the left side.

### Disabled "detailed view" button for GCP
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
For GCP, meshStack currently doesn't support detailed Usage Reports. Therefor we disabled the "more details..." button in the Chargeback Statement area
and "Detailed Report" button in Usage Reports for GCP. Previously, clicking the button led to an error.

