---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.57.0
---

Release period: 2021-02-24 to 2021-03-03

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix expired access screen
* Improve responsiveness of meshCustomer list view
* Error message for non-existing Azure Management Groups
* Tenant Quota Management
* meshPaymentMethod GET API
* Updates Azure Management Group API to latest version
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix expired access screen
**Audience:** Partner, Customer, User<br>**Component:** releasenotes


#### Description
The expired access view received an overhaul. Now it also shows the name of the meshProject that
has expired user/group bindings when displayed on the Expired Access screen for customers.

### Improve responsiveness of meshCustomer list view
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** releasenotes


#### Description
The performace of the meshCustomer list view has been improved so
the table of meshCustomers will load faster initially and fetch
further meshCustomers with a shorter delay as well.

### Error message for non-existing Azure Management Groups
**Audience:** User, Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** azure


#### Description
Azure's API response is better handled to signal the user that either the required Management Group is
missing or that the replication process is unable to access the group. Both states are not 
individually distinguishable via the Azure's API response.

### Tenant Quota Management
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshCustomers can now request quota settings for their meshTenants. This is currently only supported for OpenShift.
Requested Quotas must be approved by a Partner, e.g. a Platform Engineer. Approved Quotas will be enforced on every
replication of the meshTenant. When creating a new meshTenant, landing zone quotas will be applied as default tenant quotas.

#### How to use
When creating a project and selecting a Landing Zone of a supported platform, you will see a table showing you the landing
zone quotas that will be applied to the meshTenant. You can directly request higher quotas. The same is possible when
adding a location to an existing project. You can also create and update quota requests for existing meshTenants 
on the Project Edit screen.

meshPartners can approve or decline quota requests on the Platform Tenant screen. It is possible to filter on all meshTenants that
have pending quota requests.

### meshPaymentMethod GET API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshPaymentMethods can be retrieved via the API. A list of all meshPaymentMethods as well as getting a single
meshPaymentMethod is supported.

#### How to use
The new API endpoints are described in the API Documentation that is provided with a meshStack installation.
Click 'API Docs' at the bottom of the meshPanel to navigate there.

### Updates Azure Management Group API to latest version
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** azure


#### Description
Updates to the latest Azure REST API for Management Groups.

