---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.67.0
---

Release period: 2021-04-28 to 2021-05-05

This release includes the following issues:
* Improved Azure LZ Management Group description
* IdentityConnector adds warning for duplicate meshObjects
* No Policy violations for deleted meshProjects
* Fixed replication status not showing in project dashboard
* Official JSON support for meshObject Import API
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improved Azure LZ Management Group description
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
To guarantee proper replication, you need to use the Management Group ID 
inside an Azure Landing Zone. This was clarified in the description.

### IdentityConnector adds warning for duplicate meshObjects
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Depending on the configuration or the data handled via the Identity Connector, it can happen that
meshObjects with identical identifiers are generated. This usually indicates a configuration problem 
but was easily missed. The added warnings and metrics make it easier for operators to spot such problems.

### No Policy violations for deleted meshProjects
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Policy Violations had also been created for deleted meshProjects. This has been fixed now, so no more policy violations are created for already deleted meshProjects.

### Fixed replication status not showing in project dashboard
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
The replication status in the project dashboard was no longer working. This is now fixed and it is visible again
for all cloud platforms.

### Official JSON support for meshObject Import API
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshObject Import API supports data in the request body using the JSON format, as opposed to YML. Additionally, multiple meshObjects can be imported using a JSON array.
Single meshObjects are also accepted using a simple JSON object.

