---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.96.0
---

Release period: 2021-11-08 to 2021-11-10

This release includes the following issues:
* Fixes Tenants "last replication" sometimes not updating
* Enables full AKS support
* Ensure only one active tenant quota request
* Change customer's tags in new control plane
* Fix long EGIDs overflowing user groups table
* Removed Invite Link from Administration Area
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fixes Tenants "last replication" sometimes not updating
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Fixes the "last replication" field in the Admin area for a Tenant not updating after a 
failed replication run.
This sometimes happend if a replication failed early in the replication process.

### Enables full AKS support
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Enables the replication support for Azure Kubernetes.
Adds the Kubernetes Landing Zone to setup role bindings and
quota management.

### Ensure only one active tenant quota request
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
In rare cases, multiple active tenant quota requests could be created for a single tenant. In those cases partners had not been able to edit quotas for that tenant. We now disable 'Create Quota Request' during the creation of tenant quota requests to ensure those cases do not happen.

### Change customer's tags in new control plane
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
You can now change your Customer Tags under Settings in the new customer control plane.

### Fix long EGIDs overflowing user groups table
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
We fixed the visual issue where a very long EGID for meshCustomerUserGroups could result in the 'User Groups' table overflowing and placing
other content outside of the container. This issue is now fixed and any long EGIDs are placed on new lines to prevent the table from overflowing.

### Removed Invite Link from Administration Area
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
In the customer list in the administration area there was a button for creating an invite link to your meshstack.
This invite link had no benefits as opposed to the regular registration URL. This is why the button has been removed.
In case you want to send others a link where they can register their meshCustomer, send them to https://<your-meshstack>/#/register.

