---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.56.0
---

Release period: 2021-02-18 to 2021-02-24

This release includes the following issues:
* Disable inviting users not found in the identity provider
* meshProject GET API
* AWS metering uses less memory
* meshTenant GET API
* Improved auditing for meshCustomer role assignments
* Removes user from user groups on deletion
* Partner area button
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Disable inviting users not found in the identity provider
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We have introduced a configuration flag which provides the option of disabling inviting users that are not
listed in the identity provider. With this feature you now have the ability to restrict the users that can
be invited to meshCustomers, ensuring a higher level of security.
Please contact meshcloud if you would like to enable this feature.

### meshProject GET API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** 


#### Description
meshProjects can be retrieved via the API. A list of all meshProjects as well as getting a single
meshProject is supported.

#### How to use
The new API endpoints are described in the API Documentation that is provided with a meshStack installation.
Click 'API Docs' at the bottom of the meshPanel to navigate there.

### AWS metering uses less memory
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
AWS metering process consumed a lot of memory for accounts with a lot of usage. This memory footprint has been
reduced.

### meshTenant GET API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshTenants can be retrieved via the API. A list of all meshTenants as well
as getting a single meshTenant is supported.

#### How to use
The new API endpoints are described in the API Docs that is provided with a meshStack installation.
Click 'API Docs' at the bottom of the meshPanel to navigate there.

### Improved auditing for meshCustomer role assignments
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
There were some scenarios where the role assignments on a customer did not create audit events in the customer
history. These have been fixed with this release. Additionally, we have improved the email notification functionality
when a role assignement or removal happens on users and groups.

### Removes user from user groups on deletion
**Audience:** Partner, Customer, User<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
There was an issue where a user that is deleted by partner admins 
would still be assigned to user groups. This is now fixed and a deleted
user will be removed from all his/her user groups.

### Partner area button
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
The partner no longer appears within the customer dropdown. So now there is a 'Admin Area' button to redirect the user with administrative access to the Administration Area.

