---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.73.0
---

Release period: 2021-06-09 to 2021-06-16

This release includes the following issues:
* AWS Cost Explorer for metering and billing
* Payment Methods in Project Lists
* Fixes broken replication for re-added Tenant
* Prevent re-use of existing tenants
* Improved tag value selection in meshObjects
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### AWS Cost Explorer for metering and billing
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
meshStack can now be configured to use the AWS Cost Explorer for collecting metering and billing data instead of using
AWS Cost & Usage Reports. This change will reduce the load on meshStack and we plan to deprecate and later fully
remove the use of AWS Cost & Usage Reports.
With this feature, we also support fair chargeback for AWS Reserved Instances and AWS Savings Plans which were purchased
by specific meshCustomers. The amortized cost of the upfront fee for the reserved instance or savings plan will be shown as
a discount line item in the usage report, because the meshCustomer has already made this payment.

### Payment Methods in Project Lists
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
The project lists in the partner and customer area now show the active payment method for each project.

### Fixes broken replication for re-added Tenant
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
If a meshTenant was deleted and later re-added for the same platform, a bug could prevent
the successful replication of a meshTenant in this platform instance.

### Prevent re-use of existing tenants
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
When importing a tenant with an explicit localId, the replication process could potentially
re-use existing cloud platform tenants which were already used by a previous meshProject.
This lead to the inability of the billing system to differentiate between cost items of
the two meshProjects and resulted in a duplicate billing taking place.
As re-using a tenant is not supported by meshstack, this change will prevent the replication
process to re-use an already used tenant. If this were ever to occur, the tenant overview in the
administration area will give a clear error message when this happens.
If this change is impacting your meshstack in any way, please get in touch with us.

### Improved tag value selection in meshObjects
**Audience:** Operator, User<br>

#### Description
We changed the behavior during the deprecation of a tag value. If you deprecate a tag value in the tag catalogue for any meshObject the tag value will no longer be available. This means new and existing meshObjects such as meshProjects, meshCustomer and meshLZ which weren't tagged with this value so far will not longer be able to use it in the future. For existing meshObjects that already use the value which is going to be deprecated, the selection will stay and the tag needs to be updated manually for each object. We will work on mechanisms to make users aware if they used deprecated tags so they can update them in time. This behavior will prevent premature policy violations caused by tag deprecation. 
selected then default value will be set if avaiable.

