---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.110.0
---

Release period: 2022-02-16 to 2022-02-23

This release includes the following issues:
* Increased flexibility for fees and discounts
* No more duplicate icons in tenant replication steps
* Fixed edge case in platform restriction
* Adds proxy auth to the GCP Cloud Function call
* Make clear that navigation bar button is a feedback button
* Edit meshLocation Info
* Allow dashes in GCP label keys
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Increased flexibility for fees and discounts
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
The discount and fee model has been extended by a new rule.
The new rule determines a tier based on the consumption.
Depending on the consumption tier a specified amount is added (fee) or deducted (discount) from the tenant usage report and chargeback statement.
See https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshstack.billing-configuration.html for further information.

#### How to use
Contact your Service Manager.

### No more duplicate icons in tenant replication steps
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
When a tenant replication step is successful and has a remark, the panel showed both a 'Success' and a 'Info' icon.
This is no longer the case and the panel will now only shown an 'Info' icon in this case.

### Fixed edge case in platform restriction
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
If a meshLocation contained more than 1 meshPlatform and only some of the meshPlatforms within the
meshLocation were private, they were shown for selection when creating a new meshTenant. When actually trying to
create the meshTenant an error was shown to the user, that the platform is not available for the given meshCustomer.
With the fix these restricted meshPlatforms are not listed as an option for a new meshTenant anymore if the meshCustomer
does not have access to the meshPlatform.

### Adds proxy auth to the GCP Cloud Function call
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
The client responsible for invoking a GCP Cloud Function does now
respect proxy authentication config.

### Make clear that navigation bar button is a feedback button
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
The button at the top of the meshPanel now explicitly mentions "Feedback" next to the button to make
clear that it is meant for providing product feedback.

### Edit meshLocation Info
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
It is now possible to edit meshLocation display name and description via the "Settings -> Location" tab
in the Platform Control Plane.

### Allow dashes in GCP label keys
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Tagging across multiple clouds is challenging because restrictions on supported characters differ across cloud providers. 
meshStack sanitizes keys and values of tags before replicating them to the clouds. With this release, meshStack added the `-` to the supported characters for GCP label keys.
This means the label key `my-project` will from now on be replicated as `my-project` and not as `my_project`.

