---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.105.0
---

Release period: 2022-01-12 to 2022-01-19

This release includes the following issues:
* Handle Rate Limit of Azure Cost Management API
* Better Azure Subscription creation error messages
* Order of AWS replication steps improved
* No Chargeback Statements for deleted meshProjects
* meshTenant V2 - Reference landing zone by identifier
* External registration redirect button has no text
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Handle Rate Limit of Azure Cost Management API
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Azure applies a rate limit to requests made to their Cost Management API, which is used by meshMetering.
We improved on how this rate limit is being handled.

### Better Azure Subscription creation error messages
**Audience:** Partner, Customer, User<br>

#### Description
A rare case during Azure Subscription creation which only delayed the creation process 
resulted in a severe sounding error message. This edge case detection was improved and 
the wording of the message was adapted.

### Order of AWS replication steps improved
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Account tagging and account alias checks are now done earlier in an AWS replication
run. This makes it more robust against failures in the IDP step.

### No Chargeback Statements for deleted meshProjects
**Audience:** Customer, Operator, Partner<br>

#### Description
In the past, Chargeback Statements have been generated for deleted meshProjects as well. 
With this change we will still generate Chargeback Statements for deleted meshProjects, but 
only for those tenants that have outstanding costs. This might be the case e.g. for a 
meshProject that got deleted during a statement period, but still utilized billable items 
until then. In line with this, we will not create Chargeback Statements for deleted 
meshProjects without billable items anymore.

### meshTenant V2 - Reference landing zone by identifier
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
We recently introduced an identifier for landing zones. This makes referencing
landing zones more stable, since changing the name of a landing zone is always possible,
but identifiers cannot be changed. This allows worry-free name changes of landing zones.
To achieve the same benefit for API users, the meshTenant object in the API now has a second
version (V2) which references landing zones by identifiers, instead of their names.
Have a look at the API documentation to see how it works.
At some point in the future we will deprecate the V1 of a meshTenant, which use landing zone
name referencing. We will notify you when this will happen.

### External registration redirect button has no text
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Fixes the missing text on the redirect button when external registration is used.

