---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.148.0
---

Release period: 2022-11-23 to 2022-11-30

This release includes the following issues:
* Deprecation of meshPlatforms
* Syncing from LDAP to meshStack supports nullable attributes
* Improved service processing after project creation
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Deprecation of meshPlatforms
**Audience:** User, Partner<br>

#### Description
It is now possible to deprecate a meshPlatform. This is useful when you have a platform that is
still in use, but you no longer encourage customers to make use of this platform.
When a platform is deprecated by the Platform Engineer, Customer Users can still fully access the 
existing tenants of the platform, but it is no longer possible to create new tenants for this platform.
A small indicator symbol in the project overview, as well as in the tenant dashboard, is added to 
inform the user that the tenant exists in a deprecated platform.

### Syncing from LDAP to meshStack supports nullable attributes
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
If you are using meshStack's identityconnector to sync groups and users from LDAP to meshStack you can now specify attributes that not every user or group has.
For example meshStack can now use the mail attribute for users and the userPrincipalName for Service Accounts that do not have the mail attribute set.
Contact meshcloud support for more information.

### Improved service processing after project creation
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We improved the processing of services that have been selected during project creation. Previously it could have taken up to a day until they were processed. Now, they will be processed as soon as the service broker processed the service instance.

