---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.149.0
---

Release period: 2022-11-30 to 2022-12-07

This release includes the following issues:
* Updated group API endpoint
* Fix options in project creation on small screens
* Improved handling of expired payment methods
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Updated group API endpoint
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Addressing user groups only via the customerUserGroup identifier is now deprecated. As group identifiers are only
unique within a meshCustomer, this could have led to finding more than one group by identifier, which resulted in an
error. The endpoint has been changed to use the format "meshCustomer-identifier.meshCustomerUserGroup-identifier". 
Please always use this composed identifier from now on.

#### How to use
For backward-compatibility it is still possible to retrieve a meshCustomerUserGroup only via the group identifier,
but this is now deprecated and will be removed end of December. Please adapt your existing implementations
to always request a single meshCustomerUserGroup via the composed identifier.
For global groups, the customer identifier is "meshcloud-global-partner".

### Fix options in project creation on small screens
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
Previously, when you have been adding information for a new project on a small screen, drop-down menus were cut off. Now you are able to add project information on a small screen without limitations.

### Improved handling of expired payment methods
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
If rolling of expired payment method is enabled in a meshStack installation, it will now
unset the payment method on a meshProject if the payment method expired and no substitute
payment method exists. This change makes it more transparent, that a valid payment method
is missing on a meshProject. The meshCustomer sees an according warning directly on the
Customer and Project Control Planes. Making the customer more aware to actually set a valid 
payment method, makes sure that costs related to the meshProject can be charged again as 
soon as possible.

