---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.131.0
---

Release period: 2022-07-12 to 2022-07-20

This release includes the following issues:
* Hide > 2 meshTags in customer & project control plane
* More information visible for Controllers
* Partial availability when service is down
* Fix empty AWS Savings Plan and Reserved Instances collection
* Show users not assigned to any meshCustomer
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Hide > 2 meshTags in customer & project control plane
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
To create more overview for heavy tag users, we will now hide all meshTags beyond the first two.
You can still see all tags by clicking the small button on the right side of the tags.
Additionally, some meshTags have become clickable now in the meshPanel and will immediately take you to the edit page.

### More information visible for Controllers
**Audience:** User, Partner<br>

#### Description
Users with the Admin Area role "Controller" can now list and edit Payment Methods, see the Chargeback Statements and see the Usage Reports.

### Partial availability when service is down
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In the rare case that one of the meshStack services in the background becomes unavailable, meshStack will now partially keep running.
Only functionality dependent on this service will become unavailable, such as replication and cost information, but other functionality will keep working.
Previously, all of meshStack would be unusable.

### Fix empty AWS Savings Plan and Reserved Instances collection
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
If Savings Plans and Reserved Instances collection is activated for an AWS platform, AWS returns a
DataUnavailableException if no Savings Plans or Reserved Instances exist. This is now fixed in meshMetering
so collection also succeeds in this case.

### Show users not assigned to any meshCustomer
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
The 'All Users' list in the administration area now shows all users, even the ones that have not been assigned to any meshCustomer(s) yet. Previously only users that were assigned to at least one meshCustomer have be shown.

