---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.124.0
---

Release period: 2022-05-25 to 2022-06-01

This release includes the following issues:
* Automatic trim when adding tag values to a selection
* Fixes a bug in User Deletion
* Chargeback Statement Previews
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Automatic trim when adding tag values to a selection
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
When you provide multiple selectable tag values for your tag, your values are automatically trimmed.

### Fixes a bug in User Deletion
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Deleting users with EUID creates an entry with a sha256 hashed EUID. While EUIDs
should be unique, this has created a problem of duplicate EUIDs when a user is
created, deleted, created and then deleted again.

With this fix a unix timestamp is assigned to the generated EUID, which makes the EUID unique.

### Chargeback Statement Previews
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
meshStack now generates a preview chargeback statement for the current period. 
This preview includes all tenant usage reports that meshStack expects to be finalized and included in the final
chargeback statement of the current period.

#### How to use
Like tenant usage reports, preview statements are flagged as "not finalized" for screens that are already showing chargeback statements. Chargeback preview can help cloudfoundation stakeholders to ensure data quality.
Customer administrators and customer owners can find chargeback statements for their meshProjects in the project control plane -> Financials.
Operators can find chargeback previews in the admin area -> Chargeback Statements. Operators can optionally filter the table by period and export chargeback statements, including non-finalized statements to CSV for further processing.
For more information about chargeback statements, please refer to the documentation.

