---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.9.0
---

Release period: 2023-08-03 to 2023-08-09

This release includes the following issues:
* Chart Share of Tenants per Platform Type
* Fix Recreation of Customer Bindings
* View of Dashboard Sections
* Fix Overlaying Issues
* Sorting of Building Block List
* Accumulative Tenants Chart
* Accumulated Projects Chart
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Chart Share of Tenants per Platform Type
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We have included a new chart on the Tenant Tab of the Dashboards page 
that displays the distribution of tenants across different platform 
types so that you will have a clear view of your cloud landscape components.

### Fix Recreation of Customer Bindings
**Audience:** Operator, Partner<br>

#### Description
When the meshObject Declarative Import API was used to import a
meshCustomerGroupBinding or meshCustomerUserBinding, and one of the bindings
provided in the payload already existed, then this binding was first deleted
and then recreated if the old role names were used by the client. This has now
been fixed.

### View of Dashboard Sections
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Users with a Platform Engineer role in the Admin Panel can now 
easily access the Access Needed Sections, Cloud Universe, and 
Marketplace sections of the Dashboard page to get a better 
overview of the platform infrastructure.

### Fix Overlaying Issues
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
With the last release, overlaying issues on some pages occurred due to the Bootstrap update. This is fixed now.

### Sorting of Building Block List
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
The list of Building Blocks in the Admin Area can now also be sorted by the different columns.

### Accumulative Tenants Chart
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
On the Dashboard page's Tenant Tab, we have included a 
new chart that displays the number of tenants over time 
for each platform. This chart makes it easy for you to 
monitor the growth of your cloud landscape, enabling you 
to make informed decisions and generate reports on progress 
seamlessly.

### Accumulated Projects Chart
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We have introduced a new chart on the Dashboard page showcasing 
the total number of projects created on a monthly basis. This 
enhancement enables you to track your project progress effortlessly 
and stay updated with accomplishments.

