---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.13.0
---

Release period: 2023-08-30 to 2023-09-06

This release includes the following issues:
* View details of a specific Building Block Run
* Fixed Building Block notifications for workspace users
* List service instances via API
* Permanently hide Onboarding Guide Overlay
* Handle Building Block definition draft versions
* Expiration date for Workspace roles
* Bulk Deletion and Purging of Building Blocks
* Select Favorites in Admin Sidebar
* Publish draft Building Block Definition Versions
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### View details of a specific Building Block Run
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We have introduced a Building Block Run Control Plane in the admin area where you can see the details of an executed run, such as the logs, inputs & outputs of that particular run.

### Fixed Building Block notifications for workspace users
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Recently we temporarily disabled Building Block notifications to workspace users. 
They are now re-enabled and workspace users will only receive notifications for 
Building Blocks in workspaces or projects they are assigned to.

### List service instances via API
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Administrators can now retrieve service instances across all workspaces and projects via the meshObject API, including
filtering capabilities on workspace, project & more.

#### How to use
Read the API documentation under 'meshServiceInstance' to see example requests and responses.

### Permanently hide Onboarding Guide Overlay
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
We recently introduced an overlay, that aims to guide
users through their onboarding when they create a new
workspace.
This overlay can now be permanently hidden by every user
as a personal preference. Simply click on the button 
'Hide Permanently' and the overlay will not pop up again.

### Handle Building Block definition draft versions
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
As a preparation for the upcoming versioning of Building Block
definitions we added the functionality to create and edit draft
versions. This has no impact on existing Building Blocks. 
New Building Blocks will be created with the most recent version,
that is not a draft.
For now, all versions can still be edited, but in the future, 
only draft versions will be eligible for editing, so that 
already published versions can no longer be changed.

### Expiration date for Workspace roles
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
We've added an expiration date feature for Workspace roles. So when you
assign user or group to a Workspace, you can now optionally specify an
expiration date. Furthermore, this expiry date can be extended by another
user with a Workspace Owner or Manager Role at their convenience.
After the specified expiry date has passed, the user or group will no longer have
access to the assigned Workspace. Conversely, if no expiry date is set, the
user or group will enjoy permanent access to the Workspace.

### Bulk Deletion and Purging of Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
In the Admin Area you can now select individual Building Blocks from the list to delete or purge
these Building Blocks. You can also apply a filter and delete or purge all Building Blocks that match
this filter.

#### How to use
Go to the Building Block List in the Admin Area. Use the checkboxes in the list to select Building Blocks individually. 
Alternatively you can use the checkbox in the first column of the header row to select all Building Blocks that match the current
filter criteria. When the correct blocks are selected, you click on the "Actions" dropdown above the list. In the
dropdown you can either select Delete or Purge and the number of affected Building Blocks is shown to you. After selecting
Delete or Purge, a confirmation dialog pops up, that shows you all affected Building Blocks again.

### Select Favorites in Admin Sidebar
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We are excited to announce a new enhancement to our application: the introduction of the "Favorites" section in 
the collapsible sidebar navigation. This new feature empowers users to personalize their navigation experience by 
conveniently adding their most frequently used section links for easy access.

how To Use: |
To add a menu entry to your favorites, click on the star icon next to it. The menu entry will then additionally appear at the 
top of the Favorites section. To remove a menu entry from your favorites, click on the star icon again.

### Publish draft Building Block Definition Versions
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
As a preparation for the upcoming versioning of Building Block
definition we added a button to publish the currently shown
draft version on the Building Block Definition control plane.
Stay tuned for an upcoming release where we will introduce a fully working
Building Block definition versioning feature.

