---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.3.0
---

Release period: 2023-06-21 to 2023-06-28

This release includes the following issues:
* Improve SCIM user detection robustness
* Building Block deletion improvement
* Support self-hosted Git repositories in Building Blocks
* Better MCA provisioning config parameters
* Add RegEx & Description to Building Block Input
* Support tags in cloud tenant naming pattern
* Performance Improvement for Group Creation
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improve SCIM user detection robustness
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Unclean datasets in the user identity source system can lead to a poor
experience when initial SCIM user sync happens. A username mismatch often
fails to detect potentially existing user in the meshStack user database.
This kept some users out of the automatic sync process.
This discovery logic was improved to decrease errors during initial user
matching.

### Building Block deletion improvement
**Audience:** User, Partner<br>

#### Description
There was a bug that could prevent the successful deletion of a child
building block. This behavior was fixed.

### Support self-hosted Git repositories in Building Blocks
**Audience:** Operator, Partner<br>

#### Description
You can now use any Git provider or Git server for Terraform Building Blocks. It is now possible to add a 
known host entry, so meshStack can verify that it is actually talking to the correct Git host. That way, 
you can now use any Git provider or self-hosted Git server, by just providing its public key as a known host.

#### How to use
When creating or updating a Building Block Definition, you can optionally provide the known host information if you
are using a Terraform Building Block with SSH access to the Git repository. The required known host information is 
the host of the Git server, the encryption algorithm that is used for communication and the base64 encoded public key
of your Git server.
With this information, meshStack can verify that it is actually talking to the correct Git server and a man-in-the-middle
attack can be prevented.
The known host information is not required if you use the cloud versions of GitHub, GitLab or Azure DevOps, as meshStack 
already knows the public keys of these Git servers.

### Better MCA provisioning config parameters
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
This removes the unnecessary Azure MCA configuration field for the
Object ID of the Subscription source account principal.

### Add RegEx & Description to Building Block Input
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
You can now add a description or regular expression to your Building Block Definition Input. That way, you can provide your users on the customer control plane or other platform engineers additional information about the input and make sure they enter a valid value according to your regular expression.

### Support tags in cloud tenant naming pattern
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
It is now possible to add tags as part of the naming patterns for cloud tenants
in the replication configuration.
This is supported for AWS, GCP, Azure (and Resource Groups) and OpenShift.

#### How to use
Enter #{tagTagName} in the tenant naming pattern. For example, you could append the
environment of a cloud tenant behind the project identifier:
#{projectIdentifier}-#{tagEnvironment}, which would become "example-project-dev".
You can find the naming pattern configuration in the Admin Area under
meshPlatform > Settings > Config under the "Replication Configuration" section.

### Performance Improvement for Group Creation
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
In the past, generating new groups using the meshObject API was a slow process
when dealing with a large number of groups. With this change, improvements
have been made to facilitate the quick creation of groups, even with a high
volume of groups and members.

