---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.24.0
---

Release period: 2023-11-15 to 2023-11-22

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix the Display of 'kgCO2e' Amounts in Chargeback Statements
* Prevent rare group name conflicts in cloud platforms
* Allow Building Block input generation on editing
* Fix Azure MCA Client Secret updates
* Bugfix for Workspace Role Expiration Dates
* New endpoint to import external cost data in meshObject API
* Integer and Boolean types for Building Blocks
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix the Display of 'kgCO2e' Amounts in Chargeback Statements
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, the 'kgCO2e' metric used in Environmental Reports for GCP platforms was erroneously 
converted to EUR in Chargeback Statements. This issue has been fixed now.

### Prevent rare group name conflicts in cloud platforms
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Under very specific circumstances it was possible to create conflicting group names in managed cloud platforms based on project identifiers and tags.
There is now an additional check which prevents this from happening during project creation.

### Allow Building Block input generation on editing
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Users can now generate inputs when editing Building Block

### Fix Azure MCA Client Secret updates
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
When using the "Customer Agreement" Provisioning Type for an Azure platform, the Principal Client Secret
for the Customer Agreement was overwritten with an invalid value, when you did any other changes to the 
Platform Config. This is fixed now. The Principal Client Secret will remain untouched if you do any other 
changes to the Config.

### Bugfix for Workspace Role Expiration Dates
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
In the Access Control screen (both in the Admin Area and within the Workspace
scope), changing the expiration date via keyboard input did not work
correctly if an expiration date was already set. This has now been fixed.

### New endpoint to import external cost data in meshObject API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
The new meshPartialTenantUsageReport endpoint allows you to import cost data
from external systems into meshStack. In future releases, these reports will
be picked up by the billing system of meshStack and subsequently included into
regular meshTenantUsageReports. This way, meshStack's billing features can be
used both for cost data collected by meshStack itself as well as cost data
collected by other systems.

### Integer and Boolean types for Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Building Block input and output fields can now also be integer or boolean
types and not only strings. This enables a more convenient Building Block 
development. Type compatibility is also checked on inputs that rely on output
of parent Building Blocks.

