---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 8.0.0
---

Release period: 2023-05-17 to 2023-05-24

This release includes the following issues:
* Select specific Building Block dependency
* View dependencies on building block control plane
* Show remark for Building Block execution
* Select repository path for Building Blocks
* Improved Add Tenant Dialog
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Select specific Building Block dependency
**Audience:** User, Customer<br>

#### Description
When adding a Building Block with Dependencies to your meshTenant, you can now select which existing Building Block
in your meshTenant shall be used for the dependency.

### View dependencies on building block control plane
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
You can now find all defined dependencies of a Building Block Definition on the building block control plane. Currently, this view is read-only. Editing dependencies will be available soon.

### Show remark for Building Block execution
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
In the Building Blocks tab of the tenant control plane within the admin area you can now
see remarks that might exist for the most recent execution of the selected Building Block.
This helps with debugging in cases where no -or only very limited- information is provided 
via the standard log output.

### Select repository path for Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Additionally to a git repository url, you can now specify an optional path within the repository to source your 
Building Block Terraform code from there only instead of using the complete repository code. This helps in case of 
mono repos or in other cases where your repository holds different types of data. Please make sure that the specified 
subdirectory exists within the configured repository.

### Improved Add Tenant Dialog
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
To quickly find the tenant you need for the project, you can now search and filter platforms in the add tenant dialog by their type and name. Also, we have made it easier for you to create secure tenants by ensuring that you can only select tenants with suitable Landing Zones that adhere to the current policies.

