---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.10.0
---

Release period: 2023-08-10 to 2023-08-16

This release includes the following issues:
* Enable Dependency Output as Input when editing Definitions
* Fix Run execution with newly added inputs
* Sidebar Searchbox
* Renaming of Platform Configuration Tags
* Regroupement of Pages in the Admin Panel Sidebar
* Renaming Default Patterns in Platform Configuration
* Fix Building Block Inputs with "size" name not working
* New Settings Page on Admin Panel
* Improved Charts
* Depreciation of Performance in Admin Panel
* Improved Lookup for Workspace User Assignments
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Enable Dependency Output as Input when editing Definitions
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
It is now possible to add new inputs of type "Building Block Output" to existing Building Block Definitions.
Additionally you can now see details of Building Block Outputs in the Building Block Definition Control Plane.
Before this fix, you only saw an empty input field.

### Fix Run execution with newly added inputs
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Previously, when you added inputs of the source type 'Platform Engineer' subsequently to a definition, the input fields were missing in the run dialog of the related building blocks. Due to the missing fields, you could not enter the required values to execute the run. This has been fixed.

### Sidebar Searchbox
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We've introduced a new feature that allows you to search for 
specific sidebar entries, enhancing your navigation experience 
within the administration area.

### Renaming of Platform Configuration Tags
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
We've introduced a couple of enhancements to the Platform Configuration page in light of our 
transition to Workspace naming. Two new tags, namely ${workspaceIdentifier} and ${workspaceName}, 
have been incorporated. Moreover, existing Customer tags remain unaltered and fully functional 
to ensure seamless backward compatibility.

### Regroupement of Pages in the Admin Panel Sidebar
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We have optimized the Admin Panel sidebar by reorganizing pages into intuitive 
categories to better align with your workflow and make it easier to find what 
you need! For example, the Access Control category contains all elements 
related to user and group management, both within the Admin and Workspace 
Panels. Moreover, we've introduced a new Support item in the sidebar, which 
provides a direct link to our dedicated support email, streamlining your access 
to assistance. It's important to note that the support links in the footer 
remain fully functional and continue to serve as a valid means for application 
teams to connect with you.

### Renaming Default Patterns in Platform Configuration
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Continuing the migration to Workspace naming we have renamed default patterns in all platform configs from 
#{customerIdentifier} to #{workspaceIdentifier}. For example 'Group Name Pattern', 'Project Name Pattern', 
and similar. For backward compatibility, previous patterns will also continue to work.

### Fix Building Block Inputs with "size" name not working
**Audience:** Customer, Operator<br>

#### Description
When creating a Building Block Input that has the name "size", the Building Block Input would not be visible when a workspace user
would create a new Building Block. This is now fixed and Building Block Inputs with the name "size" are visible and working again.

### New Settings Page on Admin Panel
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We introduce a dedicated Settings page within the Admin Panel, designed to serve as the centralized hub for all 
your meshStack configuration needs. In this first version, the Settings page will encompass the ability to modify 
your logo. We eagerly invite you to share your insights on what additional features you envision for the settings 
page as we continue to evolve and enhance the meshStack experience. Your feedback is invaluable in shaping the 
future of meshStack!

### Improved Charts
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We've upgraded the Customer Panel with fresh charts for 
meshTenants, Marketplace, Service Broker plan provisioning 
and Project Chargeback statement to give you a fresh look 
and feel while accessing key information.

### Depreciation of Performance in Admin Panel
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
With the previous release, we transitioned valuable charts from 
the Performance page to Dashboards to be able now to deprecate the 
Performance page. By deprecating the Performance page, we streamline 
your access to critical data in one place - Dashboard page! 
The following charts were transitioned to the Dashboard page: 
Total Amount of Project Overtime, Total Amount of Tenants 
per Platform Type Over Time and Shares of Tenants per Platform Type.

### Improved Lookup for Workspace User Assignments
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
With this change, the lookup for user emails during an assignment 
to a Workspace will be matched against their external user ID, which
increases reliability.

