---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.28.0
---

Release period: 2023-12-14 to 2023-12-20

This release includes the following issues:
* Admin project list did not show all payment methods
* Azure CA Subscription platform config uses additional Owner
* OSB communication log detail not visible
* Fix of SCIM PATCH Requests Rejection
* Tenant Control Plane Marketplace
* Workspace financial overview chart values in wrong order
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Admin project list did not show all payment methods
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
When editing payment methods in the project list (admin area) all payment methods are now shown instead of only the first 50.

### Azure CA Subscription platform config uses additional Owner
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
This fixes a regression that disabled the possibility of using additional Subscription
owner principals when using the Customer Agreement configuration.
This is important if no other replicated user group has Owner permissions as this is a requirement
of Azure and could lead to failed replications during Subscription creation.

### OSB communication log detail not visible
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Detailed communication logs for a service broker on the workspace level are accessible again, previously a page not found error was shown.

### Fix of SCIM PATCH Requests Rejection
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Previously, if you changed a user's address or added it in Azure Entra ID,
meshStack rejected SCIM PATCH requests afterward. You can now expect seamless
processing, as the issue has been fixed.

### Tenant Control Plane Marketplace
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
With this update, the Marketplace is now also accessible for you in the Tenant Control Plane. This 
empowers you to opt for services like Building Blocks or OSB that are tailored specifically to your 
tenant, which will simplify your experience of adding Services to your tenant as well as provide a 
comprehensive portfolio of Service offerings for specific platforms.

#### How to use
Click on the Tenant within a Project and head over to the Marketplace tab. Here, you can choose 
your Service by configuring it first and then finalizing the process with a simple click on the 
"Add Service" button.

### Workspace financial overview chart values in wrong order
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
The "Project Cost per Payment Period" chart (workspace financials) showed values that did not match their time period labels because the values were in reverse order.

