---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.20.0
---

Release period: 2023-10-18 to 2023-10-25

This release includes the following issues:
* Redirect to Overview after Building Block Deletion
* Build your own platform
* Building Blocks Known Host check fixed
* Fix users remaining disabled in SCIM synchronization
* Payment method notifications for foreign currencies
* Provide Platform Tenant Id via Building Block
* Fix bug when patching draft definition versions
* Generate auth inputs for azure resource groups & kubernetes
* Renaming of URLs for Workspace in Panel
* Bulk Upgrade Building Blocks
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Redirect to Overview after Building Block Deletion
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
In response to your feedback, we've made enhancements to your experience when dealing with building block deletions. Previously, users encountered frustrating "Not Found" errors on both the building block and its associated run control plane after deletion completion. Upon a successful deletion of a block, our panel now promptly notifies you and redirects you to the building block overview.

### Build your own platform
**Audience:** Partner, Operator, Customer, User<br>

#### Description
We are happy to introduce our new platform building functionality with this release. You can now create your own
Platform Type, which is powered by Building Blocks. This enables you to integrate basically every kind of platform
you have in your company as a platform in meshStack as long as it is supported via a Terraform Provider.
It will appear together with the out-of-the box platforms provided by meshStack. Application Teams can choose these
platforms, just like any other platform during project or tenant creation.

#### How to use
When creating a new platform, you can now pick "Create new Platform Type" in the Platform Type dropdown. This will open
a dialog where you provide an identifier, a display name and an icon for your own Platform Type. Afterwards you can simply
continue creating your platform using this own Platform Type. Next you define at least one Building Block, that 
provides a tenant id for your new platform (see separate release note for this feature). You also define a Landing Zone
for your new Platform, that uses the created Building Block as mandatory. With that, your users can start using your own
platform, just like any other platform.
We continue working on this functionality to provide more guidance and make some steps more intuitive within the next weeks.

### Building Blocks Known Host check fixed
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
This fixes a bug that prevented the Terraform Building Block runner to properly 
use all available fallbacks (preset default keys for GitHub and other known services),
in case a custom defined Known Host entry failed to validate. The description in the panel
of this form was improved.

### Fix users remaining disabled in SCIM synchronization
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
A bug in the SCIM implementation resulted in users remaining in the disabled
state even after the IdP attempted to recreate the user. This has now been
fixed.

### Payment method notifications for foreign currencies
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
Previously, payment method notifications did not consider amounts in foreign
currencies, such as USD. For example, if a payment method amount was set to
1000 EUR, and the cloud provider incurred a cost of 2000 USD, no notification
was sent. From now on, foreign currencies will be converted to EUR, and a
notification will be sent if the converted amount exceeds the payment method
limit.

### Provide Platform Tenant Id via Building Block
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
As part of the new platform building functionality in meshStack, you need an option to provide the Id of the 
tenant, that was created in your platform via a Building Block. This can be done by choosing the new assignment 
type "Platform Tenant Id" on an output of the Building Block. So once this output is available, meshStack will set 
this Platform Tenant Id internally for your tenant.

### Fix bug when patching draft definition versions
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Previously, a server error occurred when inputs or outputs of a Building Block definition draft version
were patched in a way that would remove and then re-add an input or output with the same key.
This is fixed now.

### Generate auth inputs for azure resource groups & kubernetes
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
When creating a Terraform-based Building Block Definition, you can now also generate recommended 
authentication inputs for Azure resource groups and Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) that are required for running the
Terraform Building Block with the right authentication.

### Renaming of URLs for Workspace in Panel
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
With this change, we renamed the URLs inside the panel from Customer to
Workspace.

#### How to use
If you have a website bookmark, simply replace the /administration/customers part with /administration/workspaces.

### Bulk Upgrade Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
On the Building Block overview screen it is now possible to upgrade multiple Building Blocks
at once via the multi selection mechanism. The upgrade will work only for Building Blocks that
have a newer version available and need no further settings regarding new inputs or dependencies.
After the bulk upgrade finishes, an overview of each individual Building Block status is presented.

