---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.172.0
---

Release period: 2023-05-04 to 2023-05-10

This release includes the following issues:
* Edit implementation of Building Block Definition
* Show Usage Count of Building Block Definition
* meshObject API contains templated links
* Bug Fix Restricted Landing Zones
* Required ExternalID SCIM Synchronization
* API User Password Rotation
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Edit implementation of Building Block Definition
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
You can now edit the properties of the implementation like Git Repository URL in a Terraform implementation. Navigate to the Building Block control plane, and click on the 'Implementation' tab.

### Show Usage Count of Building Block Definition
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
You can now see in the overview of Building Block Definitions in the Admin Area how many Building Blocks of 
a certain Building Block Definition exist. Additionally this usage number is shown on the Deletion Screen
of a Building Block Definition to support an operator on identifying the impact of deleting a Building Block
Definition.

### meshObject API contains templated links
**Audience:** Operator, Partner<br>

#### Description
The meshObject API responses are in Hypertext Application Language (HAL)
format. From now on, these responses also include templated URIs, so that you
can see at a glance which parameters can be provided to a given endpoint.
For more information about templated URIs, please refer to our
<a href="https://docs.meshcloud.io/api/index.html#hypermedia">public API documentation</a>
or the <a href="https://github.com/mikekelly/hal_specification">HAL documentation</a>.

#### How to use
If you have no scripts in place that read the href property of a response
returned by the meshObject API, no changes are required. Otherwise, make sure
to adapt those scripts so they can handle the templated URIs.

### Bug Fix Restricted Landing Zones
**Audience:** User, Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, after choosing meshPlatform during meshProject creation, a blank
page occurred with no possibility to specify any inputs. This happened only
when the previously selected platform had a Landing Zone that was configured as
'restricted to API use only'. This has now been fixed and users will not be
able to choose a platform with an API-only restricted Landing Zone.

### Required ExternalID SCIM Synchronization
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
With this change, an externalD will be a required field for you to avoid synchronization errors

### API User Password Rotation
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Passwords for existing API Users can now be rotated (re-created).

#### How to use
There is a new button on the top left of the API user edit form called "Rotate Password".
To rotate/re-create the password, click on the button "Rotate Password", if the operation
is successful a pop up dialog is shown with the new password. You should copy this password
as it will not be shown again.
This operation can be done multiple times, there is no restriction.

