---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.18.0
---

Release period: 2023-10-04 to 2023-10-11

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Kubernetes Access Details
* Owner role removal failing for deleted Azure tenants
* Fix sorting in Platform list
* Improve Building Block Run log reloading
* Link Building Block Definition Total Usage
* Fix losing new Building Block Definition inputs
* Admin Identifier in Admin Groups Page
* Fix defining Landing Zones for Kubernetes
* Deployment Notification in meshStack Panel
* Workspace History on the Workspace Area
* Admin Access Control Plane
* New Building Block definition version editing
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Kubernetes Access Details
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
For vanilla Kubernetes Platforms, the Console screen showed an error. This is fixed now and you can see the kubectl
commands, which guide you how to access your Kubernetes namespace via kubectl.

### Owner role removal failing for deleted Azure tenants
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Depending on your platform configuration it could happen that the last remaining owner
role was not successfully removed when the Azure tenant was deleted, resulting in a
stuck tenant deletion. This is now fixed and the owner role is now successfully removed 
on tenant deletion.

### Fix sorting in Platform list
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Platforms were not sorted correctly in the Platform List of the Admin Area. They were only sorted by
Platform Status. Now these Platforms are sorted by Status and by Name.

### Improve Building Block Run log reloading
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
The Building Block Run logs and remarks now update in the background without leading to flickering on the screen.
Additionally the Logs are now automatically scrolled to the bottom and as long as you don't scroll up, they will
automatically scroll down to new lines after a reload.

### Link Building Block Definition Total Usage
**Audience:** Operator, Partner<br>

#### Description
The Total Usage column of the Building Block Definition list now links to the filtered Building Block list.

### Fix losing new Building Block Definition inputs
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
When editing the inputs of a Building Block Definition, the screen refreshed every now and then, resulting in your
changes being overwritten. This is now fixed and your changes are no longer being overwritten.

### Admin Identifier in Admin Groups Page
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
To create an Admin Group via the API, you'll need to utilize the "meshWorkspaceUserGroups" API by providing  
"Workspace identifier". With this change, your identifier is displayed on the Admin Groups tab on the Access Control page.

### Fix defining Landing Zones for Kubernetes
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
It was not possible to create or edit Landing Zones of Kubernetes Platforms. This is fixed now.

### Deployment Notification in meshStack Panel
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When a new version of meshStack is being deployed you will now be notified in the panel about potential disruptions.
You will also automatically be notified when the deployment has finished and a panel refresh is required for the newest version.

### Workspace History on the Workspace Area
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
With this change, application teams can now access Workspace 
history within the Workspace area to be able to report and 
have better control over changes in a Workspace.

#### How to use
To check a Workspace history go to the "Compliance" tab on 
the Workspace area and choose the "History" sub tab.

### Admin Access Control Plane
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
In this release, we've introduced a streamlined control plane layout for the Admin Access Area, enhancing Admin access 
control. This control plane includes sections for 'Current Access,' 'Access Requests,' and 'Admin Groups'. Notably, 
the 'Admin Groups' section displays user groups specific to the Partner Customer. This update provides a more efficient 
and focused admin access control experience.

### New Building Block definition version editing
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
It is no longer possible to just edit any Building Block definition version. From now on
only definition versions in a draft state can be edited. Once a definition version is published,
it cannot be edited anymore. This includes the editing of dependencies, inputs and outputs.
In a case a change is required for a Building Block definition, first a new draft version must be
created. Then the draft version can be edited and in the end published.
Altogether, this enables platform operators to make non-breaking changes to existing Building Blocks 
while still being able to make changes and release new features for newer Building Blocks.  
The general information of a Building Block definition (e.g. description or symbol) can still be updated any time.

