---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.26.0
---

Release period: 2023-11-29 to 2023-12-07

This release includes the following issues:
* Show all service instances and allow for search and deletion
* Fix 'Platforms' item in menu sidebar
* Fix for October Usage Reports and Chargeback Statement
* Fix button in platform onboarding pop-up
* Disabled users are shown in Workspace and Project Access
* Fix deleted tenants sometimes showing up in tenants list
* Mandatory Building Blocks via meshObject API
* Building Block user permissions for new Projects
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Show all service instances and allow for search and deletion
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
All service instances are shown, searchable and deletable regardless of the state they are in

### Fix 'Platforms' item in menu sidebar
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We resolved an issue preventing users from adding the 'Platforms' menu item to their Favorites.

### Fix for October Usage Reports and Chargeback Statement
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
meshStack version v2023.18 introduced a bug that affects Tenant Usage Reports and Chargeback Statements for 
Private Clouds, OSB Services, and Tenant as well as Landing Zone with fees for October 2023.
Specifically, if a resource in a Private Cloud or OSB Service was deleted between the 1st and 15th of October, 
the corresponding data in Tenant Usage Reports and Chargeback Statements is missing for October 2023. Similarly, 
for Platforms and Landing Zones with fee configurations, if tenants were deleted during the mentioned timeframe,
the fee data for those deleted tenants is also missing for October 2023. No other data or months are impacted.
The underlying issue is fixed now. When this release is deployed, usage reports and chargeback statements for
october and november will be regenerated. This can take up to several hours. In that timeframe usage reports and
chargeback statements for october and november can temporarily disappear in meshStack, but will appear with
correct data again after some time.

### Fix button in platform onboarding pop-up
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, clicking on the "don't show this again" button of the pop-up that
appeared after a platform was created did not have any effect. This is now
fixed.

### Disabled users are shown in Workspace and Project Access
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When a user is disabled via SCIM, their access to the project is 
revoked. Previously, this was not transparent in Workspace/Project Access, which
led to confusion. To clarify the status of disabled users, we have introduced 
a "Disabled" badge that is displayed next to the user. With this badge, it is 
now clear that the user is no longer able to access the project.

### Fix deleted tenants sometimes showing up in tenants list
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, deleted tenants sometimes appeared with a failed replication state in the list of tenants under Platforms > Tenants for a few hours. This has been fixed.

### Mandatory Building Blocks via meshObject API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
When using the meshObject API to create a new meshTenant with a Landing Zone that has mandatory Building Blocks,
these Building Blocks will be created automatically as well. This will work only in cases when there is no
input required by the application team or platform engineers.
Using Building Block dependencies in this case is supported as well.
Please note, the Building Blocks created this way will stay in a "Waiting for Input" state 
until replication completed in case they require a tenant replication to be run first, 
e.g. if they have an input that needs the Platform Tenant Id.

### Building Block user permissions for new Projects
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We fixed a bug where the value for user permissions on Building Block inputs
has not been calculated for new Projects when set up via the Project Creation Wizard.

