---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.11.0
---

Release period: 2024-02-28 to 2024-03-06

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix meshfed API ResourceUsageReports
* Update Cloud Foundry and OpenStack tenant control planes
* Quota Management for OpenStack and Cloud Foundry
* Landing Zones for OpenStack and Cloud Foundry
* Cloud Foundry configuration available in self-service
* Aligned Project and Tenant deletion experience
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix meshfed API ResourceUsageReports
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, adding a ResourceUsageReport via the meshfed API could result in
environmental TURPs including line items from that ResourceUsageReport. This
is now fixed. Only customers who are using GCP and have created
ResourceUsageReports in the past are impacted.

### Update Cloud Foundry and OpenStack tenant control planes
**Audience:** User, Customer<br>

#### Description
The Cloud Foundry and OpenStack tenant control plane dashboards now include
Horizon (OpenStack), Cloud Foundry console and CLI instructions directly on the dashboard.

#### How to use
With this change we have also removed any features that allowed interacting
with OpenStack and Cloud Foundry resources directly from meshPanel. Use of these features
was only possible when these platforms were integrated with the deprecated (and meanwhile removed)
"meshStack provisioned identities" IAM architecture.

### Quota Management for OpenStack and Cloud Foundry
**Audience:** Customer, Operator, Partner<br>

#### Description
Quotas for OpenStack and Cloud Foundry can now be managed the same way Kubernetes and OpenShift
quotas are managed. This includes defining the quotas you would like to have on your platform,
setting reasonable defaults for the quotas on different Landing Zones and workspace managers being
able to simply request the quotas they want via meshPanel.

### Landing Zones for OpenStack and Cloud Foundry
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
You can now define Landing Zones for OpenStack and Cloud Foundry. This allows you to use meshPolicies
and define mandatory Building Blocks also for these private cloud platforms.

### Cloud Foundry configuration available in self-service
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
Platform Engineers can now modify the platform configuration for Cloud Foundry platforms
on their own via the Platform Control Plane.

### Aligned Project and Tenant deletion experience
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
The user experiences for confirming project and tenant deletion have been aligned and simplified.
Tenants of all platform types will now always enter the deletion queue, thereby making the workflow more consistent and predictable.
Any future automation of tenant deletion will be based around the queue and configurable by operators.

#### How to use
Both project and tenant deletion experiences will now list all relevant consequences of deletion in the first step of the process.
meshPanel will no longer ask to type in an identifier for confirmation, but instead presents a simple "are you sure" prompt as the final step.
We have also removed the "resource check" step from the tenant and project deletion workflow, which offered a review of cloud resources that prevent tenant deletion.
This additional step was only supported for OSB, OpenStack and Cloud Foundry tenants and allowed bypassing the deletion queue for this tenant.
meshStack continues to validate that a tenant has no attached building blocks or service instances before allowing a workspace user to delete the tenant.

