---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.7.0
---

Release period: 2024-01-31 to 2024-02-07

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix handling of Building Block logs with special characters
* Fix of AWS Control Tower enrollment replication failures
* Fix user permissions input during Building Block upgrade
* Improved Deletion handling of Building Blocks
* Bug fixes & renaming of Importing Unmanaged Tenants
* Tooltip with exact date, when "time ago" ago is shown
* Remove Cloud Foundry Private Domain Management Feature
* Fix initially failed Terraform Building Block deletion
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix handling of Building Block logs with special characters
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In rare cases, handling Building Block logs with some special characters failed. This lead to the Building Block being shown as "In Progress", even though it was executed successfully. This is fixed now.

### Fix of AWS Control Tower enrollment replication failures
**Audience:** Partner, User<br>

#### Description
If the initial AWS Control Tower enrollment for an Account failed the 
replication process was unable to recover and got stuck. This has been fixed.

### Fix user permissions input during Building Block upgrade
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
When adding a user permissions input to a Building Block Definition in a new version,
upgrading existing Building Blocks was not possible. This is fixed now.

### Improved Deletion handling of Building Blocks
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
If deletion of a Building Block failed, it was not possible to click the "Delete" button again on the Building Block.
You only had the option to execute the run to trigger the deletion again. The "Delete" button is now also available in
those cases. Additionally it is no longer possible to delete a Building Block, if it is being processed at the moment, 
as this can lead to inconsistent states.

### Bug fixes & renaming of Importing Unmanaged Tenants
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
A bug was fixed where an unmanaged tenant could not be imported when the Partner Admin was not assigned to the workspace. From now on, a Partner Admin can import and unmanaged tenant regardless of whether they are assigned to the workspace. Another UI bug was fixed where selecting another workspace would not reset the project selection. Lastly, the functionality has been renamed in the UI to 'Assign Tenant to Project'.

### Tooltip with exact date, when "time ago" ago is shown
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Whenever meshStack shows that something was done a certain time ago, you can now hover of this
text to see the exact date in a tooltip. This can help in some cases, like if want to find
out if one Building Block Run was executed before another.

### Remove Cloud Foundry Private Domain Management Feature
**Audience:** Customer, Operator<br>

#### Description
Workspace owners could previously register Cloud Foundry "Private Domains" from their Workspace settings.
meshStack would replicate these domain assignments into any connected Cloud Foundry platforms.
This feature has been removed from meshStack, in favor of supporting this use case via building blocks.

### Fix initially failed Terraform Building Block deletion
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
If the deletion of a Building Block failed during tf-destroy, the terraform workspace, that kept the terraform state
was deleted. Therefore the next run for the deletion succeeded, but did not delete any resources,
as it did not find any state anymore. This is fixed now and the terraform state now remains until tf-destroy
was executed successfully.

