---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.20.0
---

Release period: 2024-04-24 to 2024-05-02

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix OSB Service Instance updates for non-updateable plans
* Platform Tenant ID validation for Building Block output
* Show plan details when configuring Marketplace Service
* Fixes Subscription re-creation for Azure tenants
* Streamlined Landing Zone Selection Process
* Table filters also work with partial text
* Improved consistency of replication logs
* Landing Zone Contributors for private platforms
* Edit Platform Types
* Workspace-scoped API Keys
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix OSB Service Instance updates for non-updateable plans
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
This fixes a bug that ignored the non-updatable flag for service plans 
while updating a Service Instance. Such an update query did usually fail 
and displayed an unnecessary error message to the user.

### Platform Tenant ID validation for Building Block output
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
When a Building Block is used for a Custom Platform to provide the Platform Tenant ID via
the assignment type, those Platform Tenant IDs are now validated and sanity checked.
A non-validating Platform Tenant ID will also make the Building Block run fail.

### Show plan details when configuring Marketplace Service
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When configuring a new service from the marketplace, the panel now shows more details
about each available plan instead of just the plan name.
This change is relevant only for services provided using an Open Service Broker.

### Fixes Subscription re-creation for Azure tenants
**Audience:** User, Operator<br>

#### Description
In the Azure subscription re-creation fix of the last release an edge case was missed which 
could prevent Subscription re-creation for Enterprise Agreements and Customer Agreement
based setups. This has been fixed.

### Streamlined Landing Zone Selection Process
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Our latest update simplifies the task of choosing compliant and suitable landing zones. When only one 
compliant option exists or policy constraints restrict choices, the system automatically selects the 
appropriate landing zone. This enhancement reduces manual steps and ensures teams can proceed efficiently 
while adhering to policies.

### Table filters also work with partial text
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, for many tables in the panel such as Unmanaged Tenants or Chargeback Statements you could only filter for
an exact match. For example, if you wanted to find workspace "my-first-workspace" using "first",
it would not work, but only with "my-first". We now improved the filtering system to allow for any piece of text to match,
so in the given example you could use all "my", "first" or "workspace", or even "first-workspace".

### Improved consistency of replication logs
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Replication logs shown in the tenant details view of the admin have been improved.
meshStack now consistently includes basic information like HTTP method, URL,
response status code and an excerpt of the received response body for every failed
request. This information is intended to help operators debug and resolve replication
or platform configuration errors more easily.

### Landing Zone Contributors for private platforms
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
You can now also define Landing Zone Contributors in the Admin Area for private platforms owned by workspaces. 
The selected contributing workspaces will also get access to the private platform in the marketplace to 
test their Landing Zones.

### Edit Platform Types
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Admins are now able to edit Platform Type details such as the name or logo.

### Workspace-scoped API Keys
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
We introduce API Keys on a workspace level that can now be managed from inside meshPanel.
API Keys can be used to access meshStack's API in the context of one workspace only.
Individual rights can be defined for each API Key to provide a fine-grained access for different keys.

#### How to use
There is a new menu item in the Admin area called "API Keys".
To add an API Key, click on the button 'Create API Key'. After filling in all 
fields, you will see a new secret, which you can use to perform your requests. This secret is shown to
you only once, so please make sure to store it safely. For editing an API Keys, click on the 
Edit button on the right.  

With API Keys you can call the /api/login endpoint to retrieve an Bearer Token. This token needs to be
specified in further API requests within the "Authorization" header.
The /api/login endpoint expects the "application/x-www-form-urlencoded" content type. 
The required values are in the form of "client_id=<API KEY UUID>&client_secret=<SECRET>&grant_type=client_credentials"

