---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.19.0
---

Release period: 2024-04-17 to 2024-04-24

This release includes the following issues:
* Improved Azure Provisioning Configuration
* Azure tenant deletion failure for disabled Subscriptions
* Single Select Drop-Down Input for Building Blocks
* Landing Zone Contributors
* Automated Tenant Deletion
* Fix Subscription recreation for Azure
* Prevent platform deletion with existing Building Blocks
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improved Azure Provisioning Configuration
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
We improved the configuration screen for Azure platforms in meshPanel.
The instructions and labels shown when configuring Microsoft Customer Agreement provisioning
are now more clear and provide additional helpful links to relevant documentation.

### Azure tenant deletion failure for disabled Subscriptions
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
This fixes a rare bug that triggers if a Subscription was deleted in Azure 
but the meshTenant was not yet marked as deleted and an Owner role needed to 
be assigned according to the platform configuration. Under those circumstances,
the tenant replication and thus deletion failed.

### Single Select Drop-Down Input for Building Blocks
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In this release we introduce a streamlined selection process with the "Single Select" input type for 
Building Blocks. Admins can customize selectable values, while users benefit from a simplified selection interface.

### Landing Zone Contributors
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
If you have dedicated teams providing specific Landing Zones for your platform, you can now define
their workspaces as Landing Zone Contributors on your platform. This can be used to e.g. allow
different brands of a company to provide their individual Landing Zones for a central company platform.
The Landing Zone contributors can see the platforms they are assigned to in their "Service Management Area", if
the "Service Management Area" is activated in your meshStack. They can only add and maintain their own
Landing Zones for that platform. Landing Zones contributed by other workspaces are not accessible for them. The
platform engineers instead have access to all Landing Zones of their platform.

### Automated Tenant Deletion
**Audience:** Operator, Partner<br>

#### Description
This release of meshStack adds support for automated tenant deletion.
Platform Engineers can enable automated tenant deletion and customize the process per landing zone.

#### How to use
The deletion process in meshStack now explicitly separates approval and verification of a tenant deletion.
For tenants entering the tenant deletion queue, operators can now enable automated approval and 
automated deletion on the landing zone level. When automated deletion is enabled, the replicator
will actively delete the tenant in the cloud platform. 

To enable automated tenant deletion, the replicator requires additional permissions in your cloud platform.
For configuration instructions and additional details, please refer to our documentation.

### Fix Subscription recreation for Azure
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
If you created an Azure Subscription via meshStack, deleted the project it belonged to and then created the same
project and tenant again, no new Subscription was created. Instead, meshStack picked up the previously deleted
Subscription, which still existed in Azure for the deletion grace period in a disabled state. This issue is fixed 
now and a new Subscription is created as intended.

### Prevent platform deletion with existing Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
When deleting a platform, it is now being checked, that no Building Blocks for this platform exist anymore.
Previously deletion was possible, but Building Blocks were not deletable afterwards. With this check we also
raise the awareness, that there are still active Building Blocks, that should be cleaned up by the Platform
Operator first. This can be done easily by selecting all affected Building Blocks in the Building Block Overview
and purging them.

