---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.15.0
---

Release period: 2024-03-21 to 2024-03-27

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Azure Replication Failure with OSB Platform Integration
* Improves Azure Function logging
* Fix of UI regression during Service Instance deployment
* Update Product Catalog after Renaming Building Block
* Building Blocks Marketplace Integration
* Building Block Costs in the Service Management Area
* Deleted Tenant Management in Service Management Area
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Azure Replication Failure with OSB Platform Integration
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
When utilizing the Azure OSB Services platform integration with an Azure platform that shares the 
same service principal, tenant replication failed. This issue has now been resolved and users can 
use the same service principal.

### Improves Azure Function logging
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
The tenant detail view now shows request and response headers as well
as the response body of an Azure function call to make debugging easier during
development.

### Fix of UI regression during Service Instance deployment
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
A previous fix lead to a regression and the failure of updating Service Instances
which were in a deletion process. It also did not automatically show a dashboard link. 
This led to a poor user experience in the Marketplace and the issue has been fixed.

### Update Product Catalog after Renaming Building Block
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, renaming a Building Block definition did not trigger any changes
in the Price Catalog if a price for that Building Block was set, resulting in
Tenant Usage Reports that still included the old Building Block name. This is
now fixed.

### Building Blocks Marketplace Integration
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We have made a change to the process of adding Building Blocks to improve the consistency of the experience. Now, 
when you click the "Add Building Block" button on the Building Blocks page within your Tenant, you will be redirected 
to the Tenant Marketplace tab. This will allow you to easily browse and select the desired Building Blocks, which 
will streamline your workflow and make the process smoother and more efficient.

### Building Block Costs in the Service Management Area
**Audience:** User, Customer<br>

#### Description
(Please note that this is only relevant for environments where the Service
Management Area is activated. This allows you to manage Platform Services from a
Workspace. Reach out to [support@meshcloud.io](mailto:support@meshcloud.io) to
have it activated in your environment.)
In addition to the overview of your Platform's usage in the Service Management
area, we have added a new section that provides financial reports for your
Building Blocks. This enhancement allows you to easily track the number of
bookings for your Building Blocks and provides valuable insights into your
revenue generation.

### Deleted Tenant Management in Service Management Area
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
(Please note that this is only relevant for environments where the Service Management Area is activated. This allows
you to manage Platform Services from a Workspace. Reach out to support@meshcloud.io to have it activated in your environment.)
You can now view and approve/decline tenant deletions for platforms that you own in your Service Management Area. This
works exactly like you are used to in the Admin Area, the only difference being that you only see tenants from
platforms owned by your workspace.

#### How to use
In the Service Management Area you will find the section "Deleted Tenants" under "Platforms" in the sidebar. In this
screen you will be able to view all deleted tenants and approve or decline tenants awaiting deletion confirmation.

