---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.9.0
---

Release period: 2024-02-14 to 2024-02-21

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Building Block notification users within workspaces
* Performance Improvement for meshObject API
* Remove Service User feature for OpenStack and Cloud Foundry
* Improved login renewal
* Fix input encryption for Building Block upgrades
* Fix Azure Geo-Replication Cost
* Fix payment methods with special characters in identifier
* List owner workspaces for platforms in admin area
* Service instances invisible when added by meshObject API
* Set Pricing for Platform Services in meshStack
* Fix resetting of Building Block Operator Input
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Building Block notification users within workspaces
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
In the new Services Management Area, which is only available at the moment if you requested it for your environment,
you were not able to add notification users to Building Blocks. This is fixed now and you can add users that are assigned
to your workspace.

### Performance Improvement for meshObject API
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Previously, reading users via the meshObject API was very slow when the filter included
both Workspace and Project parameters. This has been improved now.

### Remove Service User feature for OpenStack and Cloud Foundry
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
This release removes the Service Users feature that was supported for OpenStack and Cloud Foundry platforms.
Building Blocks provide a better way to implement these capabilities.
Service Users are "technical users" that authenticate with username and passwords in these platforms.
A popular use case for these "technical users" was to enable CI/CD pipelines to deploy against managed cloud tenants.

#### How to use
We recommend that operators that want to enable technical users for OpenStack and Cloud Foundry implement this capability
as building blocks via meshStack or via their federated IdP integration (e.g. technical users in LDAP).
Both options provide operators with more control over credential handling and rotation workflows.

### Improved login renewal
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In the past, your login session could expire and you were
redirected to a retry page. The login renewal and retry behavior 
have been improved.

### Fix input encryption for Building Block upgrades
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Previously, sensitive Building Block inputs have not been encrypted properly
during the Building Block upgrade process. This is fixed now.
Furthermore, encryption is now only possible for input fields that are provided
statically, by user input or by platform engineer input. Other fields, like e.g.
the workspace identifier or project identifier are known to meshStack anyway and
thus cannot be seen as secrets.

### Fix Azure Geo-Replication Cost
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, meshStack did not process Geo-Replication bandwidth costs for
Azure correctly, which could result in the reported costs being lower than
actual. We will reach out to every customer impacted by this to elaborate on
this issue.

### Fix payment methods with special characters in identifier
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
A bug allowed the creation of payment methods with special characters as
the identifier which later could not be properly be displayed. Both issues
have been fixed.

### List owner workspaces for platforms in admin area
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
The workspace identifier that owns a platform instance is now displayed in the Admin Area. You can also
use it to search for specific platform instances.

### Service instances invisible when added by meshObject API
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
If a workspace had no matching Marketplace tenant, the added service instances via
the meshObject API were not directly visible. 
This fix automatically creates this missing tenant to make service 
instances directly visible.

### Set Pricing for Platform Services in meshStack
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
Now in meshStack, you have the flexibility to define prices for Platform Services, such as Building Blocks 
and Platforms in addition to usage costs from providers. Configuring your internal prices allows you to account 
for various expenses such as licensing costs or the effort invested in maintaining and enhancing Platform Services.
These internal prices will be displayed on the service details page within the Marketplace.

#### How to use
For Platforms, you can now establish monthly or daily recurring fees per meshTenant, which will be charged only 
once when a user adds a Platform Tenant. You can configure prices within meshStack by navigating to the Pricing tab 
of the Platform Settings. For Building Blocks monthly and daily recurring fees per Building Block instance could be 
configured by navigating to the Pricing tab of the Building Block definition setting.

### Fix resetting of Building Block Operator Input
**Audience:** User, Partner<br>

#### Description
Building Block Operator inputs were reset, if tenant replication succeeded for the related tenant. 
This is fixed now and the operator inputs remain untouched on the Building Block after tenant
replication.

