---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.36.0
---

Release period: 2024-08-15 to 2024-08-21

This release includes the following issues:
* Fixed Users with Same Email Not Shown in Search
* Improved logging for Terraform Runner
* Improve performance of background jobs
* Improve performance of policy evaluation
* Show Correct Report Category for CO2 Cost Line Items
* Improve error message for duplicate tag keys
* Fix Display Name of Building Block Definition IO
* Terraform Logs are shown under Logs
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fixed Users with Same Email Not Shown in Search
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously in the meshStack access control, the search function only showed one user when multiple users shared 
the same email address. This has now been fixed, and the updated search algorithm correctly displays all users associated with 
the same email.

### Improved logging for Terraform Runner
**Audience:** Partner, User<br>

#### Description
Previously, when a terraform run failed, there were no error messages in the logs. This made it difficult to diagnose the issue. 
Now, the logs will contain the error message, making it easier to identify the problem.

### Improve performance of background jobs
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
In some environments background jobs like service instance polling or service instance provisioning/deprovisioning
took unexpectedly long. We improved the way these background jobs are executed and expect them to run more reliably
now, which results in quick executions of e.g. service instance operations.

### Improve performance of policy evaluation
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Policies defined in meshStack are evaluated hourly and if any violations are found, they are persisted.
Additionally policies are evaluated against certain workspaces if e.g. users are added or removed, projects
are deleted, etc. The evaluation did sometimes take unexpectedly long and did slow down operations like a 
project deletion where policies are evaluated. The issue is fixed now and the slow operations should not
occur anymore.

### Show Correct Report Category for CO2 Cost Line Items
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Previously, line items in a chargeback statement returned by the
meshChargeback API always had the reportCategory attribute set to BILLING,
even if the costs of that line item were denominated in kgCO2e (kilograms of
carbon dioxide equivalent). This was fixed, so that line items that describe
environmental costs have the reportCategory set to ENVIRONMENTAL.

### Improve error message for duplicate tag keys
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Error messages for duplicate tag keys when working on the tags in the Admin Area were improved.
More details are now provided on why there is a conflict and how to resolve it.

### Fix Display Name of Building Block Definition IO
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, when you update the display name of a Building Block Definition Input or Output, the display name was not set correctly and was always auto-generated based on the name of the input/output. This is fixed now.

### Terraform Logs are shown under Logs
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
During the recent rework of our logging system, Terraform logs were mistakenly displayed under the "Remarks" section. This issue has now been resolved, and logs will appear under "Logs" again.

