---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.48.0
---

Release period: 2024-10-30 to 2024-11-06

This release includes the following issues:
* Extra details in API response on HTTP 401 error
* Landing Zone creation for GitHub
* Pipeline Trigger for GitHub Action Workflows
* Filter on Status for Chargebacks and Usage Reports
* Fix Chargeback Statements with Deleted Tenants
* Event Logs for User Deletions
* Exclude Costs from Unmanaged Tenants in Dashboards
* Create, Update and Delete meshTagDefinition via API
* Better response for meshObject user and group binding API
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Extra details in API response on HTTP 401 error
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
This improves the HTTP 401 error message and now returns a proper error text.
This fix also add a JSON content-type header for other API error 
responses.

### Landing Zone creation for GitHub
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We removed a bug where landing zone creation was not possible
for all platforms of type 'GitHub'.

### Pipeline Trigger for GitHub Action Workflows
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
This functionality empowers platform engineers to provide seamless, easy-to-consume infrastructure automation for application teams. Platform engineers can now offer "Pipeline Building Blocks" that trigger GitHub Action Workflows when added to a tenant. These building block definitions can be published to the marketplace, enabling a smooth user experience for application teams to access and use existing automation without needing Git expertise. We will provide a guide shortly via the product documentation.

### Filter on Status for Chargebacks and Usage Reports
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
You can now filter chargeback statements and tenant usage reports by status (Open, Finalized, Updated) 
using a dropdown filter and you can sort the list by the "Generated at" column to easily check for late bills.
Please note that this improvement is available only if you???re on the new version of the chargeback process.

#### How to use
To check for all late bills from a previous period, set the "Generated at" column to descending 
order to view the most recent changes at the top. Then, select "Updated" from the status dropdown and 
choose the desired period from period column. This will allow you to easily identify any late bills for 
the specified period.

### Fix Chargeback Statements with Deleted Tenants
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
In rare cases, chargeback statements were incomplete when some of their
tenants were already deleted. This is fixed now. Please note that all
chargeback statements will be re-generated after the deployment to fix the
incorrect chargeback statements. This process may take a few minutes and
during this process, chargeback statements will be incomplete.

### Event Logs for User Deletions
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
When a user is deleted from meshStack, this event is now logged in the Event
Logs section of the Admin Area. To view these events, simply filter by
selecting Type as "Deleted" and Event as "User".

### Exclude Costs from Unmanaged Tenants in Dashboards
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
With the recently introduced revamped chargeback process, the financials
dashboard included costs both from tenants managed via meshStack and
unmanaged tenants. This was changed back to the old behavior where the
dashboards have shown only costs from managed tenants.

### Create, Update and Delete meshTagDefinition via API
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Admins can now create, update and delete meshTagDefinitions via the meshObject API.
Using the terraform provider for meshStack, this enables admins to manage more of their 
meshStack's configuration as code.

### Better response for meshObject user and group binding API
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
The docs state that updates to the project user and group bindings are not possible, but the API
only responded with an HTTP 500 error, regardless of what the exact underlying issue was.
This has been improved and the error is now a proper HTTP 409 with a proper error message.

