---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.21.0
---

Release period: 2024-05-02 to 2024-05-08

This release includes the following issues:
* Reset Platform Quota Definitions
* Cloud function url restriction reduced
* Visible warning if admin is editing notification users
* Building Block Input Default Value
* Prevent invalid Regex for Building Block input validation
* Add tags to your Building Block Definition
* Introduction of Event Logs 2.0
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Reset Platform Quota Definitions
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
When configuring a platform instance that supports Quota management, operators can now
reset the platform quota definitions to meshStack built-in defaults. This allows 
operators making changes to quota definitions that to quickly return to working defaults
that are verified to be compatible with target cloud platforms.
This feature is currently available for OpenStack and Cloud Foundry platforms.

### Cloud function url restriction reduced
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
The restriction of the url for cloud functions is no longer too restrictive. 
I.e. you can store any url as long as it starts with https.

### Visible warning if admin is editing notification users
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
As an admin when editing the notification users of a Building Block Definition that belongs to a workspace,
you will now see a visible warning explaining that only users of that workspace can be assigned.
This will prevent any confusion around which users you can assign as notification users.

### Building Block Input Default Value
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Platform engineers can now provide default values for Building Block inputs, eliminating the need for users to manually fill out every field. Users 
retain the flexibility to override defaults as needed. When importing variables from Terraform, meshStack 
automatically populates the default value field, reducing configuration effort. Application Teams using your
Building Blocks will have an easier experience configuring those Building Blocks.

### Prevent invalid Regex for Building Block input validation
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
A validation pattern for Building Block inputs must not start or end with a slash.
The validation on the form field in the admin area was improved to prevent such inputs.

### Add tags to your Building Block Definition
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We have added support for tags on Building Block Definitions. You can now create and manage tags for Building Block 
Definitions in the Admin Area under Organization > Tags > Building Block Definitions. Once you set up your tags, 
anyone who creates or updates a Building Block Definition can enter those tags. Please note that the tags are on 
the definition-level, not the actual Building Blocks that live within tenants!

### Introduction of Event Logs 2.0
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
You now have the new Event Logs page under the Compliance section in the 
Admin Area. This page provides an overview of user and admin activities 
in meshStack by consolidating them into a single view. With this release, 
we've introduced Workspace Event Logs, laying the foundation for even 
more event logs in the future. Stay tuned as we continue to expand logs 
related to actions in Workspace, Project, Platform, and Landing Zone 
into this page.

