---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.5.0
---

Release period: 2024-01-18 to 2024-01-24

This release includes the following issues:
* Quota Request notification
* Azure Subscription Owners are added during Tenant Deletion
* Renaming of Marketplace to OSB Services
* Allow Minus Sign for Importing Resource Usage Reports
* New Onboarding Flow
* Next Generation Marketplace
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Quota Request notification
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Upon the submission of a new quota request, a notification can now be sent. Notifications are directed to a dedicated email address. Please reach out if you want us to send out notifications around quota requests.

### Azure Subscription Owners are added during Tenant Deletion
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Azure Subscriptions require at least one Owner. During Tenant deletion the additional Subscription Owner IDs from the Azure Platform Configuration were not considered. This could lead to stuck Azure Tenant deletions if the platform configuration was changed while a Tenant was already in the deletion process. This has been fixed.

### Renaming of Marketplace to OSB Services
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
With this change, we renamed "Marketplace" to "OSB Services" 
left navigation page inside the Tenant Overview.

### Allow Minus Sign for Importing Resource Usage Reports
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
The endpoint for importing resource usage reports previously rejected requests
when the Tenant identifier included a minus sign. This has been fixed.

### New Onboarding Flow
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
With this update, we have streamlined the onboarding process for users 
without any prior Workspaces, introducing fundamental meshStack concepts 
through helpful guidance. Explore your cloud portfolio???s potential with 
ease. Navigate to the Landing Page tab in the Settings, where you can 
engage in the onboarding flow by clicking ???Experience Landing Page Flow.??? 
Additionally, customize your Landing Page to tailor it to your preferences.

#### How to use
Please find under the Guide section of User Docs ???How to Onboard to meshStack??? 
guide. meshStack also has an in-product guide with navigation steps for users, 
so that they can easily onboard without any additional documentation.

### Next Generation Marketplace
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Exciting announcement! The all-new Marketplace of the 
next generation is officially live. We are thrilled 
to share that this upgrade provides you with a transparent 
overview of your cloud portfolio, making it easier for 
teams to access services and platforms for projects. 
To explore the Marketplace, simply go to the dedicated 
tab on your Workspace panel.

#### How to use
For detailed information on the Marketplace, please 
check the accompanying documentation under the meshMarketplace 
section of the User Docs. For a step-by-step guide on adding 
Building Blocks, Platform, and OSB Services, please refer 
to the "How to Add Platform Service from the Marketplace 
Catalog" page in the Guide section of the User Docs.

