---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.18.0
---

Release period: 2025-04-23 to 2025-04-30

This release includes the following issues:
* Shows Building Block Input Description in Overview
* Improved Cooldown Handling for Notifications
* File Type Removed as User Input from Building Blocks
* Allow Title and Content Changes to Published Communications
* Broken Open Source Information in Panel
* Fix Multirole Mapping for GCP Landing Zones
* Communications can now target Tenants and BBDs
* Improved Error Handling for Github Building Block Runner
* Introduction of Communication Center Light
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Shows Building Block Input Description in Overview
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
This change adds the input description field when the user opens the building block details
view. Showing the description helps understand the meaning of a particular input field when a
user later edits it.

### Improved Cooldown Handling for Notifications
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
This fixes a bug that could, for certain message topics, result in notifications getting re-sent before
their intended cooldown period was over. This resulted in an unexpectedly higher notification frequency.

### File Type Removed as User Input from Building Blocks
**Audience:** User, Customer<br>

#### Description
It was sometimes possible to choose file type as user input for building blocks.
This is not supported and did not work. The option should not have been selectable but it was 
under certain circumstances.
If you have already created a building block definition with such a combination please create 
a new version of it and fix this input type.

### Allow Title and Content Changes to Published Communications
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Users can now update the title and content of published communications. 
Changes are applied instantly across workspace and admin views.

### Broken Open Source Information in Panel
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
There was an issue with Open Source Information in the panel, where SBOM was not downloadable and license information was not displayed.
This has been fixed. The SBOM is now downloadable, and the license information is displayed correctly.

### Fix Multirole Mapping for GCP Landing Zones
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
This fixes the regression which was recently introduced and broke
the configuration of multiple GCP role bindings for the GCP landing zones.

### Communications can now target Tenants and BBDs
**Audience:** Operator, Customer<br>

#### Description
Communication definitions are no longer limited to targeting workspaces. They can now also target specific building block definitions and tenants. This enables more granular communication scenarios, such as platform-specific announcements or messages directed at affected tenants. By decoupling communications from the workspace level, this change supports greater flexibility in the meshObject lifecycle (e.g., tenant or project migrations, deletions, or tagging-based targeting).

#### How to use
When creating a communication definition, use the filter criteria or API to specify target building block definitions or tenants, either by UUID or by tag. The system will resolve and create one communication per resolved object. workspace ownership is still inferred indirectly via the selected object.

### Improved Error Handling for Github Building Block Runner
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
If there is a problem while communicating with Github the error handling
was improved. This results in better error signaling on the affected building
block runs.

### Introduction of Communication Center Light
**Audience:** Partner, Customer, User<br>

#### Description
The communication center 'light' is now available for users of the Developer
Portal Module. Please refer to previous release notes for more details on the
communication center. The light version includes a limited feature set of
the communication center where communications can be targeted towards
workspaces or platforms. Please also note that meshObject endpoints related
to communications are disabled with the light version. Please contact sales
if you would like to upgrade to the full version.

