---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 3.3.2
---

The release spans the period between 2018-11-13 to 2018-11-16
The following tickets are included in this release.
* Fix accept invitation
* Show confidentiality classification
* Fix duplicated project events
* Styling of custom service parameters enhanced
* Fix visual flicker in OpenStack Swift container list
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix accept invitation
**Audience:** User **Component:** meshfed

#### Description
When a user was invited to a customer, that had deleted projects, an error during accepting the invitation could occur. This has been fixed and accepting the invitation is possible now.

### Show confidentiality classification
**Audience:** All users **Component:** release-note

#### Description
A confidentiality classification, that is displayed on every screen, can be configured, if the environment requires displaying this information to its users.

### Fix duplicated project events
**Audience:** Operator

#### Description
The PLATFORM_MAPPINGS_UPDATED project event will be written only if project platform configuration has been changed. Previously this event was written by every project access. The duplicated project events have been cleaned up.

### Styling of custom service parameters enhanced
**Audience:** All Users

#### Description
When creating or updating a service with custom parameters in the marketplace, the form for the parameters is now styled for a better overview.

### Fix visual flicker in OpenStack Swift container list
**Audience:** User

#### Description
The loader displayed when downloading or deleting objects in the OpenStack container list no longer causes a layout reflow.
This reduces visual flicker and increases performance when viewing large object lists.

