---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 3.3.5
---

Release period: 2018-11-23 to 2018-11-29

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix last login date of users
* Swift Object Search
* Demo resources are created directly from UI
* Local Name columns removed from Service User screen
* Showing validation messages in service parameter form
* KPI Dashboard for Cloud Usage and Distribution
* Active meshProjects chart
* Fix horizontal scroll on small screens (meshPanel)
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix last login date of users
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
Every time when the user logs in or switches the customer the last login date will be updated. Customer Admins now see the correct last login date of the users assigned to the customer.

### Swift Object Search
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** Panel (OpenStack)


#### Description
You can now search for objects by name in the OpenStack Swift container list. The search updates in realtime 
and matches object names by prefix. Search results do of course also support infinite-scrolling.

### Demo resources are created directly from UI
**Audience:** Users<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
Demo resources for OpenStack have been created by the backend in the past. This creation is now done in the UI. Performance optimizations are a result of this, as now several requests are handled in parallel.

### Local Name columns removed from Service User screen
**Audience:** Users<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
The "Local Customer Name" and "Local Project Name" columns have been removed from the service user screen, as they are not relevant on this screen. They are still set in the downloaded file, when creating a new service user.

### Showing validation messages in service parameter form
**Audience:** All users<br>

#### Description
Invalid form fields are listed below the form. Each entry contains the specific message about what went wrong in a human readable way.

### KPI Dashboard for Cloud Usage and Distribution
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Partners and Operators can now review cloud usage statistics in the Partner area.
Three new charts show the number of platform tenants managed by meshStack aggregated by platform instance, location 
and platform types. This allows partners and operators to better oversee cloud usage and usage distribution.

### Active meshProjects chart
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
The projects over time chart in the Partner Area was updated and clarified to show active projects only.
Deleted projects are now correctly accounted in the daily history and no longer disappear from the history.

### Fix horizontal scroll on small screens (meshPanel)
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
The footer row in meshPanel now responsively hides some links on small screens to prevent horizontal overflow.
This was an issue when Operators configured too many links for display in the footer row (e.g. Links for 
Terms of Service, Support etc.).

