---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.1.0
---

Release period: 2019-12-16 to 2019-12-20

This release includes the following issues:
* Fixes possible invalid AWS account alias generation
* Improve switching between customers
* Managed AWS roles can now have multiple policies attached
* meshObject creation via API
* Enables AWS Landing Zones to only change target OU
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fixes possible invalid AWS account alias generation
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** aws


#### Description
Fixes the possibility to create an invalid AWS account alias if a certain envIdentifier was configuered.

### Improve switching between customers
**Audience:** User, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Fixed an issue in the meshPanel where switching from a partner to a meshCustomer caused transient error notifications to be shown.
Also improved the error page shown when a meshPanel page is not available due to insufficient user permissions.

### Managed AWS roles can now have multiple policies attached
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** aws


#### Description
Managed AWS roles are controlled and checked during the replication process by meshstack. 
It is now possible to have multiple AWS policies attached to them at once.

### meshObject creation via API
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** release-notes


#### Description
meshObjects like meshUser, meshCustomer, meshProject, meshTenant and their inter relationships as well as user assignments can now be created via a REST API. This can especially be used to import already existing cloud tenants as meshTenants to meshStack. Details are available in the public meshcloud docs.

### Enables AWS Landing Zones to only change target OU
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
In the AWS Landing Zone configuration, partner are now able to only select a target OU in which the AWS accounts 
will be deployed. No other options e.g. like defining an Access Stack are required anymore.

