---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 4.0.0
---

Release period: 2019-01-10 to 2019-01-17

This release includes the following issues:
* Enables to configure OpenStack volume type quotas
* New role concept for Partner Area
* meshMarketplace Metering
* Platform notifications via email
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Enables to configure OpenStack volume type quotas
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** panel, meshfed


#### Description
Partner operator can set the storage gigabyte, volumes and snapshot quotas on an OpenStack
volume type level. For more information on OpenStack volume types see
https://developer.openstack.org/api-ref/block-storage/v3/index.html?expanded=update-quotas-for-a-project-detail#quota-sets-extension-os-quota-sets

#### How to use
Go into the Partner Area -> Customers -> Select the Projects of a Customer -> Project Quota.
There you can edit the volume type quotas if your OpenStack installation has volume types configured.

### New role concept for Partner Area
**Audience:** Partner, Operator
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
The "Partner Area" has been renamed to "Administration". Partner and Admin customers can now define more roles
like Platform Operator, Controller, etc for their users. These roles have restricted access to the
Adminsitration Area, so that they can only access the functionality they need.

### meshMarketplace Metering
**Audience:** Operator, User
**Component:** billing


#### Description
meshStack now supports metering for meshMarketplace services. Users can view their project's service usage in the
Metering section in the Panel once meshMarketplace metering has been enabled by an Operator.

#### How to use
meshMarketplace metering requires deployment of the meshmarketplace-collector and meshmarketplace-collector components.
Operators also need to configure a product catalog that includes products for marketplace service instances and plans.
Metering will then automatically calculate service usage per project.

### Platform notifications via email
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Users can chose to receive notifications for platforms they are interested in per email.

#### How to use
Go to your profile and select for which platforms you wish to subscribe to email notifications. You can also select to only receive notifications above a certain minimal severity, i.e. to only receive critical notifications.

