---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.42.0
---

Release period: 2020-11-04 to 2020-11-11

This release includes the following issues:
* GCP User lookup is now case-insensitive
* Fixes issue where Landing Zone couldn't be saved
* Set reply-to field for outgoing emails
* Configurable GCP Group Names
* Separate OpenShift/Kubernetes Product in Metering
* Add yourself to the project during project creation
* GCP tag values properly lowercased
* Introdution of meshObjectCollections
* Fixes issue in "Send Meessge to Users" functionality
* Introduces new Customer Owner role
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### GCP User lookup is now case-insensitive
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** replicator


#### Description
GCP always stores email addresses in lower-case. When users are looked up in GCP via their email address and the
enterprise IdP provided the email address in mixed-case, the lookup in GCP was not working correctly. This has
been fixed now.

### Fixes issue where Landing Zone couldn't be saved
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
There was an issue in the panel which resulted in the Save button being disabled in the "Edit Landing Zone" page
for Landing Zones which have meshRole to platform role mappings. This issue has been fixed.

### Set reply-to field for outgoing emails
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The mails sent via the configured SMTP server now allow to set reply-to address via config.

### Configurable GCP Group Names
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The default pattern of <customer>.<project>-<role> for GCP groups can now be configured.

### Separate OpenShift/Kubernetes Product in Metering
**Audience:** Customer, Operator, Partner
**Component:** kraken


#### Description
Separate prices for Kubernetes and OpenShift can now be defined in meshMetering. The OpenShift logo is now shown on
Tenant Usage Reports and Chargeback Statements for OpenShift tenants (previously it was shown as Kubernetes).

#### How to use
The only change that must be applied to every meshImplementation is an update of the product price catalog for OpenShift.
The product's platformType must be changed from "Kubernetes" to "OpenShift". The rest will be handled by meshMetering.

### Add yourself to the project during project creation
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
The project creation wizard now contains an "Add Myself" button on the "Project Access Control" page. This will add your user directly to the project after it is created. Please specify the role and optionally provide an expiration date for the access.
fill the User/Group field with your user details. With this feature you no longer have to search for your own user in the search box.

### GCP tag values properly lowercased
**Audience:** Partner, Operator
**Component:** gcp


#### Description
GCP only allows lowercase tag values. Before this fix, uppercase letters were replaced with underscore,
now they are properly lowercased.

### Introdution of meshObjectCollections
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshObjectsCollections can now be used to manage ownership and to group together meshObjects when
using the meshObject API. There are two new endpoints to create and delete meshObjectCollections.
As of now, meshObjectCollections are in Beta state. Only empty meshObjectCollections can be deleted.
Deleting meshObjects within meshObjectCollections will be implementend at a later point in time.

### Fixes issue in "Send Meessge to Users" functionality
**Audience:** Partner, User


#### Description
There was an issue in the "Send Meessge to Users" functionality which is accessible for Partner Admins via the
"Send Message to Users" button on the "Customers" page. The issue was that the messages were not being shown to
the users when they logged into the meshPanel. This issue has been fixed and  the users will see the messages sent
to them when they login to meshPanel or switch between meshCustomers.

### Introduces new Customer Owner role
**Audience:** Partner, Customer, Operator, User


#### Description
A new role "Customer Owner" has been introduced in meshStack. A Customer Owner currently has the same
rights as a Customer Admin, but there are plans to give this new role higher authority in the future.
There can be a maximum of two Customer Owners on a meshCustomer and this role can only be assigned to users and not groups.
The Customer Owner role should be assigned to the person/people who are mainly responsible for the meshCustomer and will
act as the point of contact for any incidents or queries.
The default user role assignment that is created when a customer is registered via the panel or the
<a href="https://federation.dev.meshcloud.io/docs/index.html#resources-externalRegistration">externalRegistration API</a>
will from now on be a Customer Owner assignment.

#### How to use
If there is no Customer Owner currenlty assigned, the Customer Admins can assign a new Customer Owner. If a Customer Owner
already exists on the meshCustomer, only they can assign or unassign a Customer Owner. Even if 4-eye-principal verification
is enabled, it is skipped when a Customer Owner assigns another Customer Owner.

