---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.34.0
---

Release period: 2020-09-09 to 2020-09-11

This release includes the following issues:
* A Tiered Tenant Usage Discount Model
* Charge Setup Fees in the meshMarketplace
* Alerts on meshCustomer Group Synchronisation
* Improves error message generation during replication
* Improved project identifier validation
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### A Tiered Tenant Usage Discount Model
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** billing


#### Description
The tiered discount model allows to specify tiered percentage discounts on 'Tenant Usage Report' consumption.
The discount must be scoped on the sellerId of the resources.
Calculated discounts are shown as separate line items on 'Tenant Usage Reports'.

### Charge Setup Fees in the meshMarketplace
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** meshmarketplace


#### Description
Service Owners can now charge "setup fees" for their services in the meshMarketplace.
Setup fees allow charging consumers a flat-fee for provisioning a new service instance.

#### How to use
Service Owners can enable setup fees for their services by adding a cost object
with unit 'SETUP FEE' in the service catalog entries of their Service Broker.
Note that service plans can have multiple cost objects, so it's possible to e.g.
charge an initial setup fee for a service as well as a monthly usage charge.

### Alerts on meshCustomer Group Synchronisation
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Introduces new alerts that would be fired if there are errors during the meshCustomer Group synchronisation.

### Improves error message generation during replication
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** repli


#### Description
Improves the way how error messages are created during replication in order to improve error 
message quality shown to the user.
Because of this update, user and system remarks of failed replications will be gone for a short amount of time.

### Improved project identifier validation
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** web


#### Description
An operator can now define via a regular expression the format of a project identifier. 
It is also possible to display a hint to a user what the format of the identifier is to 
avoid confusion during project creation. For more information please check the 
documentation about this new configuration option.

