---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.30.0
---

Release period: 2020-07-15 to 2020-07-28

This release includes the following issues:
* More robust AWS usage report generation
* Landing zone validation on location addition
* Improved naming of Access Control
* Blueprint is reassigned on parameter change
* Enhanced User Search on project level
* meshCustomerUserGroup assignment
* Assign a meshCustomer role to a user group via API
* Multiple project role assignment
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### More robust AWS usage report generation
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Makes the metering data collection from AWS Cost and Usage Reports more robust in the face of collection failures.

### Landing zone validation on location addition
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Fixes the issue where a location could be added to the project in the edit project page without selecting a
mandatory landing zone. Now the add button which adds a location to the project will not be enabled until a landing
zone is selected, if the selected location requires a landing zone.

### Improved naming of Access Control
**Audience:** Customer, Partner
**Component:** panel


#### Description
Access Control screens for meshCustomers and meshProjects have been improved for a consistent naming. "Users" screens,
etc have been renamed to "Access Control" and further improvements to the labels and descriptions that affect access
control have been applied.

### Blueprint is reassigned on parameter change
**Audience:** User


#### Description
If there are any changes to Azure Blueprint parameters, the blueprint is now reassigned, resulting in the parameters
being updated in the Blueprint assignment in the Azure platform.

### Enhanced User Search on project level
**Audience:** Customer
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
When searching for users on project level not only the email adress, but also the full name can now be
used to find users that can be assigned to the project.

### meshCustomerUserGroup assignment
**Audience:** Customer
**Component:** release-note


#### Description
The assignment of user groups (meshCustomerUserGroup) to a meshCustomer is not supported.
Furthermore meshCustomerUserGroups can be assigned multiple roles. The meshCustomerUserGroups can be
selected from the type-ahead dropdown just like users.

### Assign a meshCustomer role to a user group via API
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Now you can use the meshObject Import API to assign meshCustomer Roles to meshCustomer User Groups.
4-eye-principle is not supported when creating a meshCustomerGroupBinding via this API.

### Multiple project role assignment
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
The same user can now be assigned multiple project roles on the same project.

