---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.11.0
---

Release period: 2020-03-26 to 2020-03-31

This release includes the following issues:
* Introducing customer tags
* Mark sellers as out of scope
* Signals error on non existing GCP Cloud Function
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Introducing customer tags
**Audience:** Customer, Operator<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Tags can now also be defined on customer level. These tags are transferred together with the project
tags as parameters to cloud platforms when applying Landing Zones (e.g. when invoking an AWS
Lambda or an Azure Blueprint). They can also be defined to appear in Chargeback Statements.

### Mark sellers as out of scope
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Via configuration, it is now possible to mark sellers as out of scope. Once a seller is marked as out of scope,
the costs for that seller's products will be set to zero. The line items for the seller will appear in the usage
reports and chargeback statements with the "Out of Scope" suffix on the usage type. The total column for those line
items will be zero, but the used quantity will be shown correctly. This feature can be used for services for which
usage should be tracked but the chargeback process is not yet completely established.

### Signals error on non existing GCP Cloud Function
**Audience:** User, Partner<br>**Component:** gcp


#### Description
When a Cloud Function no longer exists (or the entered URL was wrong), the resulting error is now correctly reported to the user.

