---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.36.0
---

Release period: 2020-09-21 to 2020-09-29

This release includes the following issues:
* Show tags on meshProjects
* Fixes issue where project identifier reuse caused errors
* Explicit region for AccessStack Template URL in AWS LZ
* Validate meshPolicies in meshObject API
* Fixes Azure user consolidation with nested AAD groups
* Customer roles are visible in Customer User Groups screen
* Azure Blueprint Principal only added when update is required
* Project roles are visible in new Customer User Group screen
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Show tags on meshProjects
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
Tags on meshProjects are shown on three views in the meshPanel, namely
the meshCustomer entry screen, the meshCustomer's meshProject list and the meshProject
list for a specific meshCustomer in the administration area.

### Fixes issue where project identifier reuse caused errors
**Audience:** User, Operator<br>

#### Description
If you delete a project and create a new one with the same identifier as the deleted project, the replication would
fail for the newly created project. This was due to some entities not being properly cleaned up on deletion.
This issue has been resolved with this fix.

### Explicit region for AccessStack Template URL in AWS LZ
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
The new region field 'AccessStack Deploy Region' inside the AWS landing zone configuration allows you to specify an
explicit region where the Access Stack is defined and this will be applied when replicating.

### Validate meshPolicies in meshObject API
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshPolicies are now enforced when using the meshObject API.
As a consequence meshObject creation will be rejected, if they violate one or more policies.
The meshObject API will return an error message and additional remarks describing
which policies have been violated by which meshObjects in this case.

### Fixes Azure user consolidation with nested AAD groups
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** azure


#### Description
If a group was placed inside another group manually, which is not supported,
the group user reconciliation would break. This is fixed now and the unexpected nested
group will be automatically removed from the Azure user group.

### Customer roles are visible in Customer User Groups screen
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
A new column 'Customer Roles' is now available on the Customer User Groups list and detail screen.
It will show the name(s) of the customer-level role(s) that the user group has attached.

### Azure Blueprint Principal only added when update is required
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** azure


#### Description
Improves the behavior of updating Blueprints in Azure. Previously the Azure
Blueprint identity (system and user) was added every time during replication.
Now this behavior has changed and the identity is only added when a Blueprint
update/assignment is required.

### Project roles are visible in new Customer User Group screen
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
Using the new 'View more' button in the list of Customer User Groups screen opens
a screen of the specific Customer User Group where the detailed information of the
Customer User Group is available alongside its assigned Project and Role names.

