---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.17.0
---

Release period: 2020-04-28 to 2020-04-30

This release includes the following issues:
* Usage reports show N/A for unit cost when not available
* Payment method create/update as Partner
* Load project dashboard when tenant data is not available
* GCP templates are now updatable
* Enables edit of AWS Lambdas in existing Landing Zones
* Import meshCustomerUserGroup via meshObject API
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Usage reports show N/A for unit cost when not available
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Usage information exposed by Azure and GCP do not contain a unit cost. Because of this, in Azure and GCP
usage reports, we show N/A on the "Unit Cost" column.

### Payment method create/update as Partner
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Partners can now create and update payment methods in the administration area. These payment methods are scoped to one specific customer and can be assigned to a project as Customer Admin like any other payment method.

### Load project dashboard when tenant data is not available
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
The project dashboard now loads correctly even if not all tenant
data (e.g. replication status, chargeback statements) is not yet
available or if there's an error retrieving the data.

#### How to use
This change also provides better graceful degradation of the User
experience in case the kraken-api service providing this metadata
is temporarily unavailable.

### GCP templates are now updatable
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** gcp


#### Description
Initial support for updatable Deployment Manager template configuration was added. 
The templates are updated during a meshProject replication run.

#### How to use
Just update your template configuration in the GCP bucket or change the URL of the template description in the Landing Zone in the Admin area. 
The template deployment will be updated with the new configuation. For more information please check the Landing Zone documentation for GCP.

### Enables edit of AWS Lambdas in existing Landing Zones
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
Changing the AWS Lambda function in existing AWS Landing Zones is now enabled.

### Import meshCustomerUserGroup via meshObject API
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
meshCustomerUserGroups can now be imported via the meshObject API. A meshCustomerUserGroup is a group of users that can be defined on a meshCustomer.

