---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.4.0
---

Release period: 2020-01-27 to 2020-01-31

This release includes the following issues:
* Fixes Usage Report menu not displayed
* Base Cloud Foundry service pricing on service plan ids
* Service Broker Deactivation
* Enhanced robustness of Azure metering
* Add Azure function to Landing Zone
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fixes Usage Report menu not displayed
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Fixes the display bug of the menu point "Usage Reports" missing in the admin area if a Partner Customer changes into a regular 
Customer and back again.

### Base Cloud Foundry service pricing on service plan ids
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** kraken


#### Description
The pricing of Cloud Foundry services is now based on plan ids instead of service and plan names, as only plan ids are
globally unique. So no theoretical conflicts can occur anymore when using different service brokers with same service
and plan ids.

### Service Broker Deactivation
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Service owners can now deactivate published service brokers. Deactivating a service broker will not delete existing service instances or bindings. Services provided by a deactivated service broker will no longer be available in the marketplace (no new instances will be provisioned) and its' dashboard client will be deleted.
Deactivating a service broker is permanent and irreversible.

### Enhanced robustness of Azure metering
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** kraken


#### Description
Azure metering now also collects cost information from the previous month, not only from the current one.
This allows us to compensate issues on Azure side during month change and in general enhances robustness if e.g.
collection was not running for a short period at the end of a month.

### Add Azure function to Landing Zone
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Assign a Azure function to the landing zone configuration to trigger a small piece of code in the cloud.

