---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.9.0
---

Release period: 2020-03-12 to 2020-03-20

This release includes the following issues:
* Seller information on chargeback statement
* meshTenant Fees
* Visualization of Multiple Currencies
* Tenant list searching
* Tenant information with replication details
* Deletion of OpenStack projects with images
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Seller information on chargeback statement
**Audience:** Partner, Customer, User<br>

#### Description
The chargeback statement will show a breakdown of the costs per seller and seller product group.
The seller and seller product group will also be included in the chargeback statements CSV export.

### meshTenant Fees
**Audience:** User, Operator<br>**Component:** kraken


#### Description
Fees per meshTenant for AWS and Azure can now be configured in the meshStack Price Catalog. They get applied on a
daily basis. This enables operators to apply a certain management fee for e.g. an AWS Account or an Azure subscription.

### Visualization of Multiple Currencies
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Multiple currencies are visible in tenant usage reports and chargeback statements. If different line items in a tenant usage report are charged in different currencies, the tenant usage report will show the totals for each currency. These totals are visible in the tenant usage report overview list as well as in individual tenant usage reports. The same feature is implemented for the chargeback statement overview list and individual chargeback statements. In the project dashboard, the "project cost per payment period" chart will show a bar per currency per reporting period.

### Tenant list searching
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
The list of tenants can now be searched/filtered for all columns

#### How to use
Open the administration area and click on 'Tenants' in the bottom-left. Type into any of the search boxes at the top
and filter tenants on either customer, project, location, platform or tenant status.

### Tenant information with replication details
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
The list of tenants in the administration area now has a detailed view of a tenant.

#### How to use
Open the administration area and click on 'Tenants' in the bottom-left. Click on 'View more' to view
more information about the tenant like replication details including system remarks and user remarks.

### Deletion of OpenStack projects with images
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
When trying to delete a project with an OpenStack meshTenant which includes images the panel will now list the images instead of showing an error message.

