---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.32.0
---

Release period: 2020-08-27 to 2020-08-31

This release includes the following issues:
* Hierarchical folder assignment in GCP
* Restrict assignment of Customer Admin via the meshPanel
* More tolerant Group member replication
* Introduction of Landing Zone Tags
* Visibility of customer tags
* Improved feedback of meshObject Import
* meshTags on groups are displayed
* Extended group import with meshTags
* meshCustomer import supports tags
* Allow tags to take in multiple values
* Avoid unnecessary GCP billing account assignment updates
* More payment method info in Chargeback Statements
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Hierarchical folder assignment in GCP
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** deployment


#### Description
The platform configuration has now the option to allow or disable hierarchical folder assignment in GCP. This means projects can be assigned to sub folders of the defined resource manager folder in a landing zone.

### Restrict assignment of Customer Admin via the meshPanel
**Audience:** Operator, Partner<br>

#### Description
The meshStack configuration has a new boolean flag 'restrict-customer-admin-role-assignment' which fully restricts
setting the Customer Admin role via the meshPanel, meaning only the API can be used for doing so.
Additionally, the 'Add Myself' button will now always add a Partner to a Customer with the role 'Customer Employee',
instead of 'Customer Admin'.

### More tolerant Group member replication
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** replicator


#### Description
Users are assigned in some cloud platforms via groups (e.g. GCP, Azure). One group exists for every project role.
If updating members of a group fails, we now proceed with the next group and replication goes on. Previously replication
failed at that step. Now only a remark on the tenant replication is written, so operators can see which exact error
occurred during group member replication. With this change, only the affected group is degraded as a change of members
is not reflected in the cloud platform. But all other groups and other replications steps are still executed successfully.

### Introduction of Landing Zone Tags
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Operators can now tag landing zones during the creation and edit process.
The applied tags will be shown during the project creation and project update. Tags can be customised
per meshImplementation. By default no tags are defined.

### Visibility of customer tags
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
We now show tags set on meshCustomers in the meshPanel. In the partner area tags are shown in the new tag column the
customer view. Furthermore on the meshCustomer level tags are shown in the administration area in the “General” page.
We replaced the previous “Dashboard” view with the “General” page to provide you with basic information of the
selected customer. The new home screen which shows the available projects in a selected customer now shows the central
customer information including tags as well.

### Improved feedback of meshObject Import
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
The meshObject import provides more detailed error messages now, if the import of some objects failed.

### meshTags on groups are displayed
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshTags are now displayed in the "Account Area" under "Groups". meshTags on meshCustomer User Groups are added via the meshObject API and are now visualised in the meshPanel.

### Extended group import with meshTags
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshTags on customer user groups can now be imported into meshStack via meshObject API.

### meshCustomer import supports tags
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
The meshCustomer import (see API docs) now has support for inserting, updating and deleting tags.

### Allow tags to take in multiple values
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
The meshstack system is refactored to take in multiple values for tags. 
One use case would be to have multiple values for the "environment" tag eg.
"dev", "qa" and/or "prod" on a meshCustomer.
"environment" to allow values "dev", "qa" and/or "prod" on e.g. a meshCustomer. This means operators can now alter their JSON schemas and include
a multi-select input. The replicator for projects also makes sure that these tag values are correctly replicated to the respective platform tenant.

### Avoid unnecessary GCP billing account assignment updates
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** replicator-gcp


#### Description
GCP replication now avoids issuing unnecessary updates to GCP project's billing account assignments.
While this change does not result in any change to replication behavior, it improves the quality of 
GCP Project audit logs by avoiding unnecessary `AssignResourceToBillingAccount` audit log entries.

### More payment method info in Chargeback Statements
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
Chargeback Statements that will be generated from now on can contain more information about the payment method.
The Payment Method name & identifier as well as the optional expiration date and amount of the payment method can
be configured per meshInstallation to be part of chargeback statements.

