---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.25.0
---

Release period: 2020-06-12 to 2020-06-18

This release includes the following issues:
* Cloud Foundry metering data collection fix
* Retry of failed Blueprint assignment sets remark
* Improves Azure Item collection resilience
* Decline project deletion
* Groups page works for partner admins
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Cloud Foundry metering data collection fix
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Fixes a bug where the Cloud Foundry metering data collection did not run to completion when there were states or events
that belonged to an excluded organization.

### Retry of failed Blueprint assignment sets remark
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** azure


#### Description
Automatic retries of failed Blueprint assignments lead to a replication remark which is visible by the user.

### Improves Azure Item collection resilience
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Improves the Azure Subscription and Cost Item collection resilience against unexpected Azure API responses.

### Decline project deletion
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Partners now have the possibility to decline a project deletion requested by a customer admin.
On the deleted projects page in the administration area, a new decline deletion button is now available for
the projects that require manual deletion. Once you decline the deletion by clicking on the button,
The project will be reinstated under the same customer but without the previous users.

At the moment the reason for declining a deletion is not visible on the customer layer. This functionality
will follow in a future release.

### Groups page works for partner admins
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Now partner admins have the rights to access the groups page in the account area for the partner customer and list the groups
within the partner account.

