---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.46.0
---

Release period: 2020-12-11 to 2020-12-16

This release includes the following issues:
* Remove duplicates in user / group lookup
* Always apply user default tags
* Unified meshUser & meshCustomerUserGroup policies
* Fixed approval links for already logged in users
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Remove duplicates in user / group lookup
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
The dropdown for looking up meshUsers / meshCustomerUserGroups
on the Customer Access Control screen sometimes showed duplicate items.
The lookup process was improved to prevent that.

### Always apply user default tags
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
Default Tags for users can be configured in meshStack. They can be used to e.g. provide access for every user to
dev and qa environments, but not to production. Production access would only be provided to specific user groups.
These default tags are now applied on every startup of meshStack. Adding or changing default tags will therefore apply
always directly to all active users in meshStack.

### Unified meshUser & meshCustomerUserGroup policies
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator<br>**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshUser/Group can now be selected as a policy subject instead of meshUser and meshCustomerUserGroup
on their own. Both types have to be handled in the same way, because both can be assigned to meshCustomers
and meshProjects in the same way. An example for this is restricting access to production projects to specific users and groups. If the policy would only apply to groups, you could still assign any user, which wouldn't make sense.

### Fixed approval links for already logged in users
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Given a user who is already logged in to meshPanel and using a meshCustomer. Now she receives a Role Request Approval Email for another meshCustomer. This leads to an error when clicking the "Approve" link in the email. This has been fixed now and the approval request can be accepted successfully.

