---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.23.0
---

Release period: 2020-05-26 to 2020-06-03

This release includes the following issues:
* Customer export
* meshGuest user receive project assignment/revocation emails
* Deleted projects page enhancements
* Improved tenant detail user interface
* Makes GCP Billing data collection more robust
* Tenant Usage Report columns
* Improved GCP input validation
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Customer export
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Partners can now do a customer export from the customers page in the administration area.
The export is in csv format and contains the customer name, customer identifier, the email of up to two people assigned to the customer
and the payment methods assigned to that customer.

### meshGuest user receive project assignment/revocation emails
**Audience:** Customer
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshGuest users now also receive emails when they get assigned to a meshProject or their access to a meshProject
gets revoked.

### Deleted projects page enhancements
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The deleted projects page in the admin area now contains new columns including project name, customer name, and the user who requested
the deletion. Additionally, operators can now filter the projects to see which of the projects require manual
deletion steps.

### Improved tenant detail user interface
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The recently introduced tenant detail screen (including replication details) received a user interface polishment.

### Makes GCP Billing data collection more robust
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
This change ensures that GCP billing data collection will not collect the same record twice, even in the case of failures.
As an example , if the data collection fails due to a network failure, the next collection will make sure to remove any
half collected data from the failed execution, so that there will not be any duplicated records.

### Tenant Usage Report columns
**Audience:** Partner, Operator
**Component:** panel


#### Description
The 'Qty' column has been divided into 'Quantity' and 'Unit' for tenant usage reports and detailed tenant usage reports.

### Improved GCP input validation
**Audience:** User
**Component:** gcp


#### Description
A malformed GCP folder id setting in GCP Landing Zones could lead to failed replications. 
Improved input validation avoids this problem now.

