---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.15.0
---

Release period: 2020-04-22 to 2020-04-27

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix access to services running in custom domains
* Improved GCP Project IAM Policy Reconciliation
* Customizable payment method descriptions
* Improved Payment Method selection
* Updated Account Settings Payment Methods List
* Self-Service Customer Registration Wizard Updates
* Configurable GCP Project Id pattern
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix access to services running in custom domains
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** all


#### Description
There was an issue building up connection from meshStack to services running in non-standard domains. E.g. a service
that is only running in an internal customer network on a customer-specific domain. The issue was related to certificate
validation of those services and is fixed now.

### Improved GCP Project IAM Policy Reconciliation
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Replication to GCP now reconciles role bindings for meshStack managed groups only.
This enables use cases where operators want to allow self-service IAM in GCP,
e.g. for working with ServiceAccounts or leveraging the Cloud IAM Recommender
("Over granted permissions").

#### How to use
This new default behavior improves alignment with meshStack's project replication for  
Azure and AWS. Before this change, meshStack's GCP replication did reconcile the whole 
GCP project IAM policy. With this change Operators now have more flexibility to setup
Landing Zones and IAM self-service. Our roadmap feature "meshStack Cloud Inventory" will
enable Operators to monitor & audit role bindings created outside of meshStack.

### Customizable payment method descriptions
**Audience:** User, Operator<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
meshPanel now supports configurable templates that explain users how to obtain payment methods
for their meshProjects. The templates appear in the project create wizard
and on the payment methods screen.

#### How to use
Operators can use this feature to better guide users on how to create and manage payment methods.
This is useful if your meshStack implementation requires payment methods to be supplied via a
third-party system (e.g. an ITSM). Operators can customize the template by configuring the 
`payment:payment-description` template in meshStack configuration.
For more details please consult the operator documentation.

### Improved Payment Method selection
**Audience:** User, Operator<br>

#### Description
The options shown when selecting a Payment Method in project create wizard and on
the project edit screens now include more details about the payment method, e.g. a cost center number.

#### How to use
Operators can configure aliases for custom payment method fields via the new configuration options
`panel.ui.costCenter.alias` and `panel.ui.costLimitation.aliases`. For more details please consult
the operator documentation.

### Updated Account Settings Payment Methods List
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
The payment methods screen in your Account Settings now always shows
a list of available payment methods. If enabled by your operators
you can edit the default payment method "Cost Center" on this screen as before.

### Self-Service Customer Registration Wizard Updates
**Audience:** Customer, Operator<br>

#### Description
The self-service customer registration wizard "Billing Information" step 
can now be disabled by operators. This is useful if no default cost center payment method
should be collected during registration. Now the wizard shows a new 
"Review & Create" step as the final step of the process.

### Configurable GCP Project Id pattern
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Operators can now configure custom patterns for GCP Project Ids.
This is useful if operators want to enforce common project-id prefixes
or customize the length of included meshCustomer and meshProject identifiers.

#### How to use
For more details please consult the operator documentation.

