---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.52.0
---

Release period: 2021-01-28 to 2021-02-03

This release includes the following issues:
* Allow partners to edit unrestricted tags
* New Compliance Manager role
* Improves recovery from database connectivity issues
* Removing of company/billing address
* Fixes failing detailed tenant usage report generation
* Tenant view filters are applied
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Allow partners to edit unrestricted tags
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, partners were able to edit restricted tags only, but not unrestricted tags.
With this release partners can now edit both restricted and unrestricted tags.

### New Compliance Manager role
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** releasenotes


#### Description
We introduced a new role "Compliance Manager" for the partner area. Users with this role
have the rights to manage tag definitions and meshPolicies.

### Improves recovery from database connectivity issues
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, applications would become silently unresponsive when there were problems with the connection to the database.
With this release we have improved the ability of the applications to successfully recover from this problem.

### Removing of company/billing address
**Audience:** Customer<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
With this release we deprecate the address concept in meshStack. Therefor you don't need to provide addresses anymore during customer or project creation. Previously a billing address and a payment method were required to create meshProjects on a meshCustomer. With this change a payment method suffices and enables a compliant charging of cloud usage and cost. The "Billing Address" and "Company Address" panel items are removed. The columns providing the address information in the project and quota csv export file are removed as well. Furthermore the addresses aren't required via the meshCustomer and the externalRegistration endpoint anymore. We still allow for any requests providing an address but the address information provided will not be considered anymore.

### Fixes failing detailed tenant usage report generation
**Audience:** Operator<br>**Component:** kraken


#### Description
This fix prevents failures during the generation of detailed tenant usage reports caused by
a high number of individual tenant reports.

### Tenant view filters are applied
**Audience:** Partner<br>**Component:** release-note


#### Description
Customer and project filters are now correctly applied within the tenant view.

