---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.74.0
---

Release period: 2021-06-18 to 2021-06-23

This release includes the following issues:
* Added landing zone column to tenant view
* New Offline and Unknown statuses for OpenStack VMs
* Policy violations are visible during project tags edit
* Simplified project deletion for operators
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Added landing zone column to tenant view
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The name of the landing zone for tenants that support landing zones is now visible in the 
tenant view and can be filtered upon.
The "tenant status" header has been changed to "replication" and the status text has been shortened
by removing "replication" from the text.

### New Offline and Unknown statuses for OpenStack VMs
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
In the resources section in the panel admin area, we have now introduced a new 'Offline' status.
If the VM status reported by OpenStack is in one of PAUSED, SHELVED, SHELVED_OFFLOADED, SHUTOFF, SOFT_DELETED or SUSPENDED
we consider that VM to be in status 'Offline'.
We have also introduced an 'Unknown' status, which will cover any status reported by OpenStack, which are unknown to the
meshStack.
These two new statuses will also be available in the getExternalCloudResources endpoint of the meshMetering API.

### Policy violations are visible during project tags edit
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** panel


#### Description
After you're done editing tags of your customer's project and clicked on the "Save"-button, violated policies are now displayed in the error message.
The improvement of this message supports you to understand why you could not save the desired tags configuration.

### Simplified project deletion for operators
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
It is no longer needed to input the project identifier when confirming the deletion of a project as an operator.
The reason field when confirming the deletion of a project has also been replaced with an optional comment.

