---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.59.0
---

Release period: 2021-03-09 to 2021-03-11

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix customer access when member is added to group
* Fix localId assignments on meshTenants
* Fix for meshCustomerUserGroup assignment
* Improve termination status for OpenStack cloud resources
* Updates Azure Subscription creation API to latest version
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix customer access when member is added to group
**Audience:** User


#### Description
There was an issue in the meshObject Import API where a user newly added to a meshCustomerUserGroup didn't get access
to the meshCustomer via any roles assigned to the group. This issue has been fixed.

### Fix localId assignments on meshTenants
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** releasenotes


#### Description
In case of a reused meshTenant the localId could not be assigned correctly
for some meshTenants. This issue has been resolved and all possibly affected
meshTenants have been updated with their correct localId.

### Fix for meshCustomerUserGroup assignment
**Audience:** Customer
**Component:** releasenotes


#### Description
There was a problem in the assignment of meshCustomerUserGroups
to meshProjects, that occasionally prevented the creation of new
assignments. This issue has been removed.

### Improve termination status for OpenStack cloud resources
**Audience:** Partner, Operator
**Component:** kraken


#### Description
As a Partner and via the API it is possible to retrieve a list of cloud resources (currently only OpenStack Nova Servers).
This list only contained a termination date of the resource to identify it as terminated. An OpenStack
VM can also be in an error state and already deleted, but it doesn't have a termination date. To be able
to still identify it as Terminated, we added a new status to cloud resources that can be 'Active' or 'Terminated'. This
is provided via the API and is considered accordingly in the Resource Inventory screen in the Admin area.

### Updates Azure Subscription creation API to latest version
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** azure


#### Description
Adapts the EA Subscription creation to the latest Azure API. Fixes the prolonged creation of 
new Subscriptions as a fallback mechanism was used to pick them up after creation with the old API.
This feature is disabled by default in order to allow testing in QA environments first.

