---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.85.0
---

Release period: 2021-09-01 to 2021-09-08

This release includes the following issues:
* Possibility to set meshUser email from AAD attribute
* Fix broken checkbox
* Fixed filter when listing meshUsers in API
* Fixes issue in AWS access role auto downgrade
* Fixed Admin Area button not working for some users
* Better distinction between fieldsets for service parameters
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Possibility to set meshUser email from AAD attribute
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
It is now possible to set the email of a user looked up via AAD to a different attribute rather than the standard email attribute.
This is useful if you want the users in meshStack to not use their primary email but some secondary email. This feature
should only be used in very specific situations. There is already a feature in place which allows you to set the username
of a user with an AAD attribute. These two features cannot be used together.

### Fix broken checkbox
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
On the screen for creating or editing new Landing Zones the checkbox within the AWS Landing Zone properties
for account enrollment to AWS Control Tower was always disabled. This has now been changed that it is only
disabled in edit mode, but can be checked for the creation of a new AWS Landing Zone.

### Fixed filter when listing meshUsers in API
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
We've fixed a filtering issue for the meshUsers List endpoint. It could happen that users with the wrong role were returned. This is now fixed and every filter option will be correctly applied.

### Fixes issue in AWS access role auto downgrade
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
If the "account access role" which meshStack assumes to perform tasks in the newly provisioned account had a path prefix,
the auto downgrade of the role would fail with an error that says the role name is invalid. This issue has been fixed and the
access role auto downgrade is now successfully executed even when there is a path prefix for the role.

### Fixed Admin Area button not working for some users
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously the admin area button worked only if the partner was assigned to another customer. Now it's possible to use the admin area button independent of the customer assignment.

### Better distinction between fieldsets for service parameters
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
To make multiple fieldsets better distinguisable, we added a bold font for
the title of the fieldset, and a small identation for each fieldset.
This will make long service parameter forms more user friendly.

