---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.95.0
---

Release period: 2021-11-03 to 2021-11-08

This release includes the following issues:
* Create GCP Projects directly under the organization
* Cloud Foundry Domain Management in Customer Control Plane
* Fix Cloud Foundry Domains not being created
* AWS Reserved Instance metering related fix
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Create GCP Projects directly under the organization
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously, meshStack did not support creating a GCP project directly under the organization. For example, if you
created a meshLandingZone with "Resource Manager Folder Id" set to the organization id, the replication of a GCP project
with that meshLandingZone assigned will fail.
With this release we have added this capability to meshStack, so that you can create GCP projects directly under
the organization level without nesting them inside folders.

### Cloud Foundry Domain Management in Customer Control Plane
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
We have integrated the Cloud Foundry Domain management page into the redesigned customer entry page.
Managing your Cloud Foundry Domains is no longer possible in the Account area. If you press the 'Domains' sidebar entry,
you will be automatically redirected to the new view.
Be aware that we will incrementally release more and more features in the new UI design in the coming weeks.

### Fix Cloud Foundry Domains not being created
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
When trying to create a new Cloud Foundry domain, the panel would not save the result after confirming the creation.
This is now fixed and it is possible again to create new Cloud Foundry domains.

### AWS Reserved Instance metering related fix
**Audience:** User


#### Description
There was an issue which caused the AWS Reserved Instance metering to fail on the first day of the month.
This issue has been fixed with this release.

