---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.68.0
---

Release period: 2021-05-07 to 2021-05-12

This release includes the following issues:
* Improvement of payment method selection
* Payment method fields validation to accept meaningful info
* Assign platforms instead of locations to projects
* Info message on tenant creation before creating project
* URL encodes non-ASCII header for Lambda calls
* Fixes duplicate replication remarks
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improvement of payment method selection
**Audience:** User<br>**Component:** panel


#### Description
We exclude expired payment methods during the selection of payment methods in the panel, so you won't select expired ones by mistake. 
Furthermore, we display the expiration date of the selected payment method during a project creation and make an approaching expiration date visible when editing a project.

### Payment method fields validation to accept meaningful info
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Validation of field of payment method (amount) is now available which restrict user to add
meaningless or random data.

### Assign platforms instead of locations to projects
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
You are now able to select individual platforms for your project instead of assigning all platforms that belong
to a certain location to your project. This allows you to only add the platforms you want to use to your project
even if there are multiple platforms available in one location.
Also for already existing projects you will now see on all screens which platforms are assigned instead of locations.
This provides a better overview on which platforms are actually used within a project.

#### How to use
During project creation or when editing a project you will now be able to select platforms instead of locations for
your project. You will also be able to remove a single platform from your project, if you no longer need it. This is now
possible per platform, so you can keep one platform of a location on your project, but remove another one.

### Info message on tenant creation before creating project
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Added a small info message to the last step of the project creation wizard to make clear
to users that the replication of certain platform tenants might take a while.

### URL encodes non-ASCII header for Lambda calls
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Enables calling of Lambda functions for Azure and GCP (AWS was not affected) with non
ASCII parameters. These parameter are now URL encoded as described in RFC 2616.
It might be possible that on the receiving side, in the Lambda functions,
these parameters must be decoded before usage.

### Fixes duplicate replication remarks
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
Fixes the duplicate inclusion of user and system remarks into a replication result. This happened only on rare occasions.

