---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.79.0
---

Release period: 2021-07-21 to 2021-07-28

This release includes the following issues:
* Marketplace metering improvements
* Link to AWS SSO Sign In
* Cloud Resources are now sorted by creation date
* Additional metadata for tenant tagging
* Fixes issue with assigning users to GCP projects
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Marketplace metering improvements
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
This change includes a few improvements in the marketplace metering area.
In certain scenarios, a private service broker that was deleted and re-imported with the same identifier resulted
in the service instances being charged twice. To prevent this, we now do not allow the deletion, but only allow the
deactivation of a private service broker. After deactivation, you can re-import the service broker with a different
identifier.
If a private service broker with metrics was deleted, or if a metrics endpoint was removed from the service catalog
of an existing service broker, it blocked the marketplace tenant usage report finalization. This issue has also been
fixed.

### Link to AWS SSO Sign In
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
The AWS Console screen in meshPanel now redirects to the AWS SSO Sign In page, if AWS SSO is configured for the meshPlatform.
If users are already logged in via their enterprise IdP, they can directly select the AWS Account they want to access via that AWS
SSO Sign In page.

### Cloud Resources are now sorted by creation date
**Audience:** Operator, Partner<br>

#### Description
When retrieving all cloud resources it was possible that some resources appeared
multiple times on different pages of the result list. This could happen if new resources
have been added while querying all pages. This has been fixed now by sorting the Cloud Resources
by their createdAt date.

### Additional metadata for tenant tagging
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
It is now possible to tag your platform tenants (e.g. Azure subscription or AWS account)
with the following additional metadata: Project Name, Customer Name, Payment Identifier,
Payment Name, Payment Expiration Date. It can be configured which of these parameters will 
actually be applied to your platform tenants.

### Fixes issue with assigning users to GCP projects
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
This fixes an issue with the user assignment to GCP projects. The issue occurred if the email of a user who is already
assigned to a GCP project was changed, and the old email was set as an alias. Before this fix, trying to assign such a user
resulted in a failed replication of the project. Now, replication finishes successfully with the correct users assigned.

