---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.65.0
---

Release period: 2021-04-14 to 2021-04-21

This release includes the following issues:
* Improved Audit Trail for meshCustomerUserGroups
* Improved OpenStack token handling
* Unique meshCustomer names
* Duplicate user creation issue fixed
* Monitoring of replicator performance
* Improve clarity of Project Deletion Confirmation
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Improved Audit Trail for meshCustomerUserGroups
**Audience:** Partner
**Component:** releasenotes


#### Description
We improved the auditing for changes within the member list of a meshCustomerUserGroups.
As a result audit events are now written on meshCustomer and meshProject level
in case any meshUser roles change due to (un-)assignment of meshUsers to
meshCustomerUserGroups.

### Improved OpenStack token handling
**Audience:** Operator
**Component:** panel


#### Description
The OpenStack token handling in the UI has been improved. It now allows disabling certain screen for specific platforms that don't support these screens.

### Unique meshCustomer names
**Audience:** Partner, Customer, Operator
**Component:** meshfed


#### Description
meshCustomer names are now unique and validated when creating a new customer or updating an existing one. This also
affects the meshObjectImport. The creation of a meshCustomer with an already used meshCustomer name is not possible
anymore. Already existing meshCustomer names that are used more than once will not be removed.

### Duplicate user creation issue fixed
**Audience:** User


#### Description
If a user was invited via meshPanel, never logged in, and then was imported via API it resulted in a duplicated user.
This issue has now been fixed. From now on we will detect and match users that are created via different sources.

### Monitoring of replicator performance
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
We now collect metrics around the replication process to detect errors early on.

### Improve clarity of Project Deletion Confirmation
**Audience:** User
**Component:** panel


#### Description
We improved the textual explanation of the project deletion confirmation dialog by making it more explicit what happens exactly. After confirming the deletion of a meshProject which requires a manual deletion by an operator, the project is marked for deletion. From that time on, you and your project member won't be able to access the related tenants and cloud resources anymore. Furthermore, you can't create a project with the same identifier until the operator has completed the deletion process.

