---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.134.0
---

Release period: 2022-08-03 to 2022-08-10

This release includes the following issues:
* Allow GCP tenants with member size > 200
* Purge stuck service instances
* Make declarative meshObject comparison case-insensitive
* Fix missing chargeback statements for Controller users
* Improve navigation bar responsiveness for mobile devices
* Project creation is no longer a dialog
* Support for GCP Carbon Model version 5
* Display multiple user roles
* Removed duplicate small hint fields
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Allow GCP tenants with member size > 200
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
A bug prevented the successful replication of GCP tenants with more than
200 project members.

### Purge stuck service instances
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
It is now possible for service owners to purge service instances that have the 'In progress' status.
In some cases it might be easier to purge the service instance rather than fixing the issue in the broker and this is now possible.

#### How to use
In the meshCustomer that owns the service broker, navigate to Marketplace -> Failed Instances.
In this overview, you now see all service instances that are in progress as well.

### Make declarative meshObject comparison case-insensitive
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When importing a meshObject for a second time with a different casing in one of its identifying properties, this 
meshObject (e.g. a meshCustomerGroupBinding) was removed and created again, even-though it was basically the same 
meshObject. This behavior has been fixed now and the comparison of whether the meshObject already exists is 
case-insensitive now. It won't lead to deletion and recreation of the meshObject anymore.

### Fix missing chargeback statements for Controller users
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
This fixes the issue where users with the Controller role were unable to list and access chargeback statements in the administration area.

### Improve navigation bar responsiveness for mobile devices
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We've introduced with the last release the profile preview at the top right for the currently logged in user. Only the responsive behavior for desktop users were covered. Therefore we've adapted the handling to support also the expected behavior for mobile devices.

### Project creation is no longer a dialog
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We've moved the project creation to a separate route to unify the look and feel between customer and project creation.

### Support for GCP Carbon Model version 5
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
GCP updated their carbon footprint model to new version 5.
With this change, meshStack is now capable to handle carbon footprint data from both, version 4 and version 5.
However, please make sure to only use items from one model version in the configured BigQuery table.

### Display multiple user roles
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We now display the number of additional user roles in a badge on the navigation bar at the top right and show all the assigned roles when hovering over it.

### Removed duplicate small hint fields
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We've improved the project name and project identifier field hints
during the project creation. Previously, the hint of each field was
displayed twice: above the input and in the alert. Now the hint will
only be displayed if the input doesn't match the configured pattern.

