---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.121.0
---

Release period: 2022-05-04 to 2022-05-11

This release includes the following issues:
* Added filtering on Tenant Id in Tenant View
* Remove yourself from meshCustomers
* Fixes missing variables for payment notifications
* Tags of type string indicate active meshPolicies
* Policies are enforced during tenant assignment
* Improve filtering and sorting in landing zone table
* Prevent tag deletion if policies are active
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Added filtering on Tenant Id in Tenant View
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
To make it easier to find the right tenant, you can now apply a filter for the "Tenant Id" column in the
Admin Area -> Tenant List.

### Remove yourself from meshCustomers
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
Users with Customer Owner or Customer Admin role can now remove a binding to a meshCustomer that affects themselves. 
This is possible if either another binding (user or group) with the same role still exists or a binding 
as Customer Owner / Customer Admin remains.

### Fixes missing variables for payment notifications
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
This fixes some broken mail template variables, that were missing in the generated
notification email.

### Tags of type string indicate active meshPolicies
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
Just like multi-select and single-select tags: if a tag is of type string and involved in meshPolicies, it is now indicated in the panel.

### Policies are enforced during tenant assignment
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
When having a policy on meshLandingZone, the landing zone selection disables landing zones that do not comply with the active policy. This ensures that users will only pick the right landing zones that comply with the policy.

### Improve filtering and sorting in landing zone table
**Audience:** Operator, Partner<br>

#### Description
The recently introduced landing zone filtering and sorting feature has been improved. When opening the page,
the 'name' field will be used as default sort. This prevents results being random every time a page is loaded.
Additionally, the tags & meshPlatform columns did not support sorting, but the arrow buttons appeared.
This is fixed now and the arrow buttons do not appear anymore.

### Prevent tag deletion if policies are active
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We have improved the tag deletion process. You can now delete a tag only if there are no meshPolicies defined for it.

