---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.136.0
---

Release period: 2022-08-31 to 2022-09-08

This release includes the following issues:
* Postman collection and openAPI docs for our APIs
* Improved error handling on initial tenant replication
* Fix platform usage report view not loading
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Postman collection and openAPI docs for our APIs
**Audience:** User


#### Description
New documentation is now generated including the generation of a Postman collection and openAPI documentation.
These new documentation artifacts can be found on the API Docs page. The new Postman collection has 
a configurable hostname as a variable, so you only have to set your specific hostname once to use it in all requests.

#### How to use
Import the Postman collection in Postman. Configure the authorization in the "Authorization". Set the hostname 
variable. Execute the request.

### Improved error handling on initial tenant replication
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner


#### Description
Because of the eventual-consistent behavior of cloud platforms, 
during the initial tenant replication an error was displayed in some cases. 
Those errors usually resolve on their own after some time passes 
and the cloud platform consolidates.
Those initial false-positive replication errors now result in a
"replication pending" state if the tenant was created within the last
30 minutes.

#### How to use
An actual failed replication for a new tenant will therefore be shown as
failed after 30 minutes. But when looking into the tenant replication details
in the admin area you can already see detailed error messages for the different 
steps within the first 30 minutes.

### Fix platform usage report view not loading
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
When navigating to one of the platform financials in the Admin Area, in some cases, there was a bug that broke
loading a platform's usage reports. This is now fixed.

