---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.141.0
---

Release period: 2022-10-04 to 2022-10-12

This release includes the following issues:
* Add user to project directly after adding to customer
* Extended API docs with new endpoints
* Approve deletion of tenants instead of projects
* Support for single meshTenant deletion
* Expose deletedOn date for meshTenants via meshObject API
* Deleted meshTenants are removed from overview list
* Get a notification when a tenant requires manual deletion
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Add user to project directly after adding to customer
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When adding a user or group to a customer, a dialog will now pop up where you can directly assign this
user or group to all the projects within the customer. You will no longer have to hop into each
individual project to do the assignment of the user or group. Please note that this feature
does not work for environments where the 4-eye principal is enabled.

### Extended API docs with new endpoints
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In the latest releases, we added endpoints for getting a single meshUser, a list of meshCustomerUserGroups, and 
a single meshCustomerUserGroup.
These endpoints were missing from the API documentation and have now been added.

### Approve deletion of tenants instead of projects
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
With the support of the deletion of a single meshTenant, you can now approve the deletion per platform instead of an entire project. By navigating to meshPlatforms > Deleted Tenants,
you'll get an overview over all deleted meshTenants as well as meshTenants requiring your approval. By default, the meshTenants requiring your approval will appear at the top, so you can start with your actions right away.

### Support for single meshTenant deletion
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
Previously, you can only remove single meshTenants of the platform OpenStack or Cloud Foundry. For other platforms,
you have to delete entire project in order to remove the meshTenant.
With this new functionality, you can now request the deletion of any meshTenant regardless of their platform.
After a meshTenant is deleted successfully (either automatically or by a manual deletion process), you can recreate a new meshTenant for the 
same meshProject on that platform.

### Expose deletedOn date for meshTenants via meshObject API
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
The deletedOn flag is set if the meshTenant submitted for deletion. Deleted tenants
can also now be requested via the meshObject API, please see the API docs for more
information.

### Deleted meshTenants are removed from overview list
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
A bug showed tenants that belonged to deleted projects in the tenant overview list in the
admin panel. Deleted tenants are now no longer be shown there.

### Get a notification when a tenant requires manual deletion
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
If you want to get notified whenever a tenant is marked for deletion and requires manual deletion, 
you can sign up for an email notification. Please let us know at support@meshcloud.io, which platform 
you want to receive notifications for, as this process is currently not automated. 
You can also get notified for all platforms.

