---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.129.0
---

Release period: 2022-06-29 to 2022-07-06

This release includes the following issues:
* Support multi-value tags in payment method CSV export
* Fix OpenShift labels starting with an illegal character
* Carbon Footprint Reports for GCP
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Support multi-value tags in payment method CSV export
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
In the last release we introduced a new payment method CSV export. Unfortunately, this export would not work for for tags with multiple values.
This is now changed and the CSV export for payment methods can handle these tags.

### Fix OpenShift labels starting with an illegal character
**Audience:** Customer, Operator<br>

#### Description
OpenShift label values starting with an illegal character such as '#' were not sanitized. This resulted in a failed replication.
This is now fixed and any illegal characters at the beginning of an OpenShift label value are stripped.

### Carbon Footprint Reports for GCP
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
We introduce new Tenant Usage Reports dedicated to show environmental impact. These
show the carbon footprint data as reported by the cloud provider. Currently this is only
available for GCP meshTenants. There is a new page for environmental reports in the 
admin area as well as a new tab on the meshTenant control plane. You can configure the 
export of environmental data within the GCP meshPlatform settings.

