---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.119.0
---

Release period: 2022-04-20 to 2022-04-27

This release includes the following issues:
* Policies are enfocred during customer access control
* Fix OpenShift tenant creation sometimes failing tagging step
* Fix payment method list not working for German characters
* Fixed payment method preselection
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Policies are enfocred during customer access control
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
When having a policy on meshUser/Group, the access control lookup will now hide users that do not comply with the active policy. This will ensure that users will only pick the right users/groups that comply with the policy.

### Fix OpenShift tenant creation sometimes failing tagging step
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
When intially creating a new OpenShift project, the tenant replication process would sometimes fail the "Tag Project" step.
This is now fixed and the Tag Project step will always run succesfully again.

### Fix payment method list not working for German characters
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
Sometimes it could be the case that the payment methods can't be loaded because of some German character issues. This is now fixed.

### Fixed payment method preselection
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
Sometimes it could be the case that a project has no payment method assigned. Previously the project control plane preselected the first available payment method but this payment method wasn't applied. Now we removed this behavior to improve the UX and transparency regarding the payment methods.

