---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.17.0
---

Release period: 2023-09-27 to 2023-10-04

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix SCIM Users Loading without any Filters
* Upgrade version of Building Block
* Option for SCIM Only User Management
* Automatic Building Block Status Update on control plane
* Dedicated Building Block notification receivers
* API credentials are now also shown as base64 encoded strings
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix SCIM Users Loading without any Filters
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, it was not possible to load all active users using the SCIM endpoint, if there were no filters specified. 
This is now fixed and the endpoint returns all existing users even if no filters are defined.

### Upgrade version of Building Block
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
You can now upgrade Building Blocks to a new definition version
in case a newer version is available. This can be done following the
'upgrade' button on the Building Block control plane for an individual
Building Block. Currently it is only possible to upgrade one Building Block
at a time, but a bulk-upgrade feature will follow.

#### How to use
Click the 'upgrade' button on the Building Block control plane to upgrade
the selected Building Block. In the process you might be asked to provide values for
potential dependencies and missing input values that have been introduced by
the version you want to upgrade to.

### Option for SCIM Only User Management
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Now you can choose an option to manage users and groups within the 
Workspace and Admin areas exclusively via SCIM to prevent conflicts 
and double assignments when other methods are available.

#### How to use
To enable creation only via SCIM go to the Settings page on the 
Admin area and in the Manage tab switch on a "SCIM only user management" 
button. The button is switched off by default, which means that users 
and groups can be created through a diverse range of methods, including 
Panel, IDP, SCIM, and other available options.

### Automatic Building Block Status Update on control plane
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
The Building Block and the Building Block Run Control Plane now refresh automatically every 5 seconds if the Building Block is not in a final state (Succeeded or Failed). That way newly triggered runs will appear eventually in the list without a user having to click the "Refresh" button manually. This includes automatically refreshing the logs of a Building Block Run.

### Dedicated Building Block notification receivers
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
When you create or edit a Building Block definition, you now can add dedicated user to receive notifications
about failed Building Blocks or ones that require an operator input before they can get rolled out.
Existing Building Blocks will not have any receivers pre-filled. In order to receive notifications for them, please
visit the edit screen in the Admin area and setup one or multiple users.

### API credentials are now also shown as base64 encoded strings
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
When you need Basic Authentication, for example, during meshStack's SCIM setup, you need base64 encoded credentials. meshStack now shows those next to the regular password when creating a new API user.

