---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.162.0
---

Release period: 2023-02-27 to 2023-03-01

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix missing/outdated tenant usage reports
* Fix "View all unmanaged tenants"
* API User Self-Service
* All required measures at a glance
* New Users Tab on the Dashboards Screen
* Cloud Universe Relationships
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix missing/outdated tenant usage reports
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
Due to the bug from release v7.160.0, usage reports for new tenants were not generated at all. 
For existing tenants, you were not able to get updated tags or payment methods into Usage 
Reports and Chargeback Statements. This issue is fixed now and all tenant usage reports will 
be created and updated again.

### Fix "View all unmanaged tenants"
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, if you clicked on "View all unmanaged tenants" in the "Managed vs. Unmanaged Tenants" on Cloud Foundation Dashboard under "Tenants", the page was not found. Now you are correctly directed to the "Unmanaged Tenants" in Admin Area. Additionally, we make the "View all unmanaged tenants" more visible by marking it blue.

### API User Self-Service
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
API Users can now be managed from inside meshPanel. You can add, update, delete, and 
search API users. Already existing API users were migrated and are now available via the new screen in meshPanel.
Please stay tuned, billing related permissions will be added soon!

#### How to use
There is a new menu item in the Admin area called "API Users".
To add the API User, click on the button 'Create API User'. After filling in all 
fields, you will see a new user password, which you can use to perform your requests. This password is shown to
you only once, so please make sure to store it safely. For editing an API user, click on the 
Edit button on the right.
Api Users that already existed before, still work with the same password as before. They are now also available in the
new screens and you can e.g. add additional permissions to them.

### All required measures at a glance
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We've adapted the actions needed card within the cloud foundation 
dashboard section. Now you have a clear overview of all available actions that 
needed input from your side across all pillars.

### New Users Tab on the Dashboards Screen
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We introduce a Users tab on the Dashboards screen that 
enables you to get an overview of all your users over 
time. Also in the Users tab, you could see the "Problem Detected" 
card to overview problems such as inactive users or 
missing users EUID and act on them directly.

### Cloud Universe Relationships
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
You can now overview all relations for a specific meshObject in your landscape. 
For instance, by clicking on a specific meshUser, you can see for which 
meshProjects, meshCustomers, meshTenants, and meshGroups this specific meshUser 
was assigned.

