---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.6.0
---

Release period: 2023-07-13 to 2023-07-19

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix meshTenant Import not working for Kubernetes platforms
* Custom tenant naming pattern for Kubernetes-based platforms
* Remove Building Block definitions from Landing Zones
* Transparency on Project Limitations
* Discover Suitable Landing Zone at a Glance
* Fix Checkbox View
* Deprecation of workspace 'Status'
* SBOM available in meshStack
* Fix frozen state for Building Block
* Filter and sort building blocks
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix meshTenant Import not working for Kubernetes platforms
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
Previously, meshTenant Imports for Kubernetes, Azure Kubernetes Service & OpenShift would not work.
This is now fixed and you can now import Namespaces/Projects for these platforms by referencing the 
namespace/project name as the localId in the meshTenant Import.
As a minor consequence, meshTenants of these platform types are now always referencing the namespace/project
name as the localId of the platform, and no longer the Kubernetes resource uid.

### Custom tenant naming pattern for Kubernetes-based platforms
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
Kubernetes, Azure Kubernetes Service and OpenShift platform integrations now have the ability to 
leverage custom tenant naming patterns. The tenant naming pattern can be configured in the platform
configuration screen in the Admin Area for the respective platform.

### Remove Building Block definitions from Landing Zones
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Previously, deleting a Building Block definition could cause an error in the Landing Zone screen when a definition is referenced as a mandatory or recommended definition in a Landing Zone. Now, a definition will be automatically removed from all referenced Landing Zones and you can remove the definition without any issues.

### Transparency on Project Limitations
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Previously, you would only find out about reaching the project 
limit when you reached the final page of creating a meshProject. 
Now, if you reach the project limit, you will be notified 
right from the start. A warning sign will appear with a 
clear message when you attempt to click the Create 
Project button.

### Discover Suitable Landing Zone at a Glance
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
We have made improvements to the platform selection process. During the 
meshProject creation process, you will now be able to see in advance 
if a platform does not have any complaint Landing Zones available to 
have a smoother platform selection process.

### Fix Checkbox View
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
The issue of the check mark for the "Creation of the First Tenant Guide" 
being broken on Safari and Firefox browsers has been resolved.

### Deprecation of workspace 'Status'
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
We deprecated the "Status" Column on the Workspace page since it has not been utilized by any users. No action is required since there will be no depreciation in functionality or availability of Workspaces, as they will remain exactly the same as before.

### SBOM available in meshStack
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Administrators can view and export a full SBOM (software bill of materials) for meshStack via the open source information page accessible from the admin area.

### Fix frozen state for Building Block
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
For some Building Blocks with incorrect configurations the status was never updated and frozen 
in the 'creation pending' step. This has been fixed.

### Filter and sort building blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Users will now be able to sort building blocks by name and usage.
Additionally, they can also filter by name, platform and implementation type.

