---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.171.0
---

Release period: 2023-04-26 to 2023-05-04

This release includes the following issues:
* efault Tags for Users Created via SCIM
* Show Terraform Implementation Details
* Support different deletion modes for Building Blocks
* Prevent duplicate Project Access
* Fix Platform Choose during Project Creation
* Apply-Once Building Blocks
* Fix link in the financials tab on the Dashboard screen
* More meshTenant metadata for Building Block Input
* Re-Execute capability for Building Blocks
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### efault Tags for Users Created via SCIM
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
If you add new users to the meshStack using SCIM, they will be automatically
assigned all default tags that you previously set up in the Dhall
configuration. These tags determine which policies and restrictions apply to
the users. This allows you to add users to meshCustomer while ensuring that
they comply with the necessary policies.

### Show Terraform Implementation Details
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
In the Control Plane of an existing Building Block Definition, you can now also see Terraform-specific information like
version and Git URL.

### Support different deletion modes for Building Blocks
**Audience:** User, Operator


#### Description
It can now be defined per Building Block how deletion of a Building Block on a tenant behaves. The new option is
to delete the resources or anything that was created by the Building Block. In case of a Terraform Building Block,
this means a "terraform destroy" is executed. The other option is purging the Building Block only in meshStack
without touching anything that was created by the Building Block.

### Prevent duplicate Project Access
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
We removed a bug from the Project Access that allowed users or groups to be assigned
to a meshProject multiple times with the same role.

### Fix Platform Choose during Project Creation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously, you were not able to create a project with a global marketplace only. This is fixed now.
Furthermore, you can now find a suitable platform for your project by filtering also through the location.

### Apply-Once Building Blocks
**Audience:** User, Partner


#### Description
When a Building Block Definition is created with the "apply once" setting this Block
can only be added once to a tenant. If users attempt to add a Building Block twice an 
error is shown to the user.

### Fix link in the financials tab on the Dashboard screen
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Previously, the total number of payment methods close to their budget did not
match the number of results shown after the link was clicked. This has been
fixed now.

### More meshTenant metadata for Building Block Input
**Audience:** Partner, Operator, Customer


#### Description
Inputs for new Building Blocks now have more available source options.
Similar to the Platform Tenant Id, you can now also choose from further options:
Customer Identifier, Project Identifier, Full Platform Identifier and
Tenant Building Block UUID. There is a short description for each of the options
in the 'Define Building Blocks' form.

### Re-Execute capability for Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
On the Building Blocks tab of tenant details in the Admin area a button was added, 
that lets the platform operator execute Building Blocks again.
This is useful in case an error was only temporary or it has been fixed in 
related Building Block implementations. It can also be used if a Terraform
Module was extended and the associated Building Block should be executed again.

