---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.2.0
---

Release period: 2023-06-14 to 2023-06-21

This release includes the following issues:
* Add Building Blocks to Landing Zones
* Product Analytics in meshStack
* Revamp Inputs & Outputs section of Building Block Definition
* Support for Azure Subscription enrollment in an MCA Account
* Possibility to disable user group/permission cleanup
* Improved Unassignment of meshCustomer Roles
* Simplified Naming in Project Creation
* Improved Navigation Bar
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Add Building Blocks to Landing Zones
**Audience:** Partner, Operator, User<br>

#### Description
You can now add Building Block Definitions to Landing Zones and define them as mandatory or recommended.
Whenever a new tenant is created with the given Landing Zone, the mandatory Building Blocks are always
added to the meshTenant. The user has to provide input for those Building Blocks during project and tenant creation,
if any input is defined on the Building Block Definition. This adding of Building Block Definitions to Landing
Zones allows you to build up your Landing Zone based on Building Blocks.

### Product Analytics in meshStack
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
With this release, it is now possible for meshcloud to collect product analytics (if enabled). We always strive to continuously
enhance the user experience of meshStack, and analytics will support us with this goal. We are also happy
to share this data with you, so you can get more numbers and insights on how your meshStack is being used. Reach out
to us if this sparks your interest. At the moment meshStack collects: 1) basic usage metrics i.e., what pages are visited
most often, and 2) satisfaction ratings, which are small dialogs that pop up and ask meshCustomer users how satisfied
they are with certain parts of the product. We will reach out to existing accounts to discuss the rollout
of analytics for each meshStack.

### Revamp Inputs & Outputs section of Building Block Definition
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
We improved the user interface when defining and editing inputs and outputs of Building Block Definitions. It will now be easier to have an overview if you have many of them.

### Support for Azure Subscription enrollment in an MCA Account
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Enables the automatic enrollment of Azure Subscriptions via a Microsoft Customer
Agreement account. You can setup the new configuration in the Azure platform configuration
in the admin panel.
This feature is currently in BETA.

### Possibility to disable user group/permission cleanup
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
In some cases you might want to keep generated user groups or permissions
even after a tenant is deleted. That is why we now introduce a flag to disable this kind of 
cleanup after a tenant deletion. It is available for Azure Resource Groups, Azure,
GCP and AWS.

#### How to use
Go to the platform configuration for AWS, GCP, Azure and Azure Resource Groups. Under the replication
configuration section you now find a checkbox "

### Improved Unassignment of meshCustomer Roles
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
We've taken your feedback to heart and made significant improvements in unassigning 
meshCustomer Roles. Now, on the Access Control tab in meshCustomer, you can 
effortlessly unassign multiple users at once by selecting them and clicking 
the deletion button. Please stay tuned since we will introduce the same unassignment 
process for meshProject Roles!

### Simplified Naming in Project Creation
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When typing a meshProject name or identifier, you will receive now a dynamic error message if the identifier 
entered is not unique. Also, in case of the identifier not being unique and there is no custom defined identifier
regex, a new identifier will be suggested to you.
Also when you were creating meshProject, the page view was expanded across the entire screen. Now the view is 
centered to enhance your visibility while reviewing and entering input.

### Improved Navigation Bar
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We enhanced the visibility of the top navigation bar and implemented a distinct division between pages. By clicking 
on the desired page you can easily navigate to a specific page, namely meshCustomer, meshProject, or meshTenant view. 
Also, the breadcrumb feature highlights the current level, enabling you to identify your current location within the 
product. The dropdown functionality remains accessible in the navigation bar through the dropdown caret.

