---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.161.0
---

Release period: 2023-02-15 to 2023-02-22

This release includes the following issues:
* Using meshStack without payment method
* Improved error messages for meshUser import via API
* Automatically add restricted default tags
* Fix OpenStack metering collection
* Enables collection of GCP Carbon Model v8
* Fix user access requests to meshCustomers
* Disabled changes to deactivated meshPlatforms
* Restrict Landing Zone creation to active platforms only
* Detailed View of Cloud Universe
* Cloud Foundation Compliance Introduction
* Deletion reason in project and tenant deleted events
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Using meshStack without payment method
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
In order to simplify showcase or early-stage environments, that do not want to care about providing
payment methods to meshCustomers, we allow them to run meshStack completely without payment methods.

### Improved error messages for meshUser import via API
**Audience:** Customer, User<br>

#### Description
When a meshUser import via API fails because of a validation error of the data 
model, you can from now on find the reason, property, and value in the improved error message.

### Automatically add restricted default tags
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
When creating a new meshCustomer or meshProject via the meshPanel,
all restricted tags with a default value are automatically applied. Manually set 
tag values will always have priority over default values. This 
behavior will not be applied when the tags for a meshCustomer or
meshProject are edited.

### Fix OpenStack metering collection
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Since the last release meshMetering collection was broken for OpenStack. So no new OpenStack metering
data was collected. This is fixed now.

### Enables collection of GCP Carbon Model v8
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Previously, projects that contained data from GCP Carbon Model v8 could not
be collected. This is now fixed. Also an automatic attempt to handle future
versions was added.

### Fix user access requests to meshCustomers
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
There was a problem in the meshPanel to view open user access requests to meshCustomers
in case the four-eyes principle is active. This has been cleared so that
the screen works as expected again.

### Disabled changes to deactivated meshPlatforms
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Once you deactivate your meshPlatform, the Platform Settings (Platform, Restrictions, Quota Definitions) are read-only.

### Restrict Landing Zone creation to active platforms only
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Deactivated/Deprecated meshPlatforms are now excluded from the meshPlatform selection during landing zone creation.

### Detailed View of Cloud Universe
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We have further developed the cloud universe. You can now get more 
detailed information about every single item of your cloud universe 
by zooming in on the related meshObject. Please stay tuned, as we 
will extend this tab with more information in the coming weeks!

### Cloud Foundation Compliance Introduction
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We've introduced the compliance section that enables you to 
get an overview of the number of policy violation and their 
type. Also in the Compliance tab, you could overview all 
detected policy violations to take an action on them as well 
as policies that are currently active.

### Deletion reason in project and tenant deleted events
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
While deleting your project or tenant that requires a manual deletion of the platform operator in the cloud platform, you are able to provide reasons. With this change, these reasons will be also shown in the detailed view of the related deletion event.

