---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.11.0
---

Release period: 2023-08-16 to 2023-08-23

This release includes the following issues:
* Show private service instances in Workspace Control Plane
* Building Block Definition I/O patching update
* Version selection for Building Block Definition
* Show Global Groups and Partner Admin Groups
* Grant Global Groups access to Workspace during its creation
* Fix "View More" in the Groups Screen
* Prevent cycles in building block dependencies
* Enhanced Email Address Validation for User Creation
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Show private service instances in Workspace Control Plane
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
If deletion of a Service Instance that belongs to a private Service Broker failed, it did not appear in the
list of Failed Instances on the Marketplace tab in the Workspace Control Plane. This is fixed now, so also these
instances appear in the Failed Instances list and can be purged from there.

### Building Block Definition I/O patching update
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
We improved the patching mechanism for updating existing Building Block definition versions
in order to prevent previous bugs. It is no longer possible to delete or modify outputs of a
Building Block definition that are needed as input for dependent Building Block definitions.
Furthermore, it is no longer possible to modify outputs of manual Building Blocks, as they 
are always generated from the defined inputs.

### Version selection for Building Block Definition
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
As a preparation for the upcoming versioning of Building Block
definition we added a dropdown to select the currently shown
version data on the Building Block Definition control plane.
Stay tuned for an upcoming release where we will introduce a fully working
Building Block definition versioning feature.

### Show Global Groups and Partner Admin Groups
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Previously, an issue occurred where the Partner Groups were unintentionally overwritten, resulting in the display of only Global Groups. This issue has been successfully resolved. This is fixed and you can now seamlessly view both Global Groups and Partner Admin Groups directly on their respective dedicated pages within the sidebar.

### Grant Global Groups access to Workspace during its creation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
You can now grant Global Groups access to your Workspace during its creation. Previously, only Users could be granted access, and Global Groups would have to be assigned after creating the Workspace.

### Fix "View More" in the Groups Screen
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
Previously, when you access the User Groups Screen, you couldn't see the "View more" link anymore. This has been fixed.

### Prevent cycles in building block dependencies
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Prevents cycles during creation and updating of building block dependencies.

### Enhanced Email Address Validation for User Creation
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
We have updated the email address validation process for meshUser creation.
From now on, email addresses containing special characters, umlauts, or other
non-Latin characters are accepted.

