---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.7.0
---

Release period: 2023-07-19 to 2023-07-26

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix status update issues for Building Blocks
* Fix display of building block logs and remarks
* Filter our Expired Payment Methods
* Terraform Building Block support for file inputs
* Fix the deactivation of published Service Broker
* Add multiple Building Blocks to existing meshTenants
* Upgraded meshPanel design system
* Prevent default tag selection on policy violation
* Azure cost item collection improvements
* meshWorkspace renaming in CSV export
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix status update issues for Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Before this change, Building Blocks were occasionally stuck in different states such as 'Creation Pending' 
or 'Deletion in Progress'. We fixed a bug within the synchronization mechanism that solves these problems for
Building Blocks during creation or deletion.

### Fix display of building block logs and remarks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
We have resolved an issue where you were only able to see the logs and remarks of the 
first selected building block on the tenant control plane in the Admin Area.
You should now be able to access all relevant logs and remarks of the selected building block without having to reload the page.

### Filter our Expired Payment Methods
**Audience:** User


#### Description
With this release, we have introduced the Payment Method expiration statuses and filtering. This would help you 
keep track of your payment method's expiration status and easily filter on Active, Expiring Soon, and Expired methods. 
You would stay in control of your payments with this new feature.
On the Payment Methods page, filter out in the Expiration Status column on Active Payment Methods to see 
only valid once or on Expiring Soon to control Payment Methods, which are close to expiration day

### Terraform Building Block support for file inputs
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
The Terraform Building Blocks now have a new input option: File. This allows
the operator to feed in smaller files into the Building Blocks to access them
during execution. Usually this is used for files containing authentication
information. The name of the input is used as the file name and the file is
put into the working directory of the Terraform script execution.

### Fix the deactivation of published Service Broker
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Deactivating a published Service Broker failed with an error. This is fixed
and published Service Brokers can be deactivated successfully now.

### Add multiple Building Blocks to existing meshTenants
**Audience:** User


#### Description
It is now possible to add multiple Building Blocks to an existing meshTenant at once. This includes
a complete restyling of the screen, where you can add Building Blocks to an existing meshTenant. It is 
now the same UX for selecting Building Blocks as during meshProject and meshTenant creation.

### Upgraded meshPanel design system
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We have upgraded a central library in the meshPanel that drives the visual design system, and gives a fresher look and feel of the meshPanel. We did everything we can to give you a smooth transition, but if you do find an issue, let us know at support@meshcloud.io.

### Prevent default tag selection on policy violation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously, tags were set to the default value during meshProject and meshWorkspace creation even 
if the default value conflicted with an active policy. With this change, we have disabled predefined 
tags during meshWorkspace and meshProject creation if it conflicts with an active policy, making it 
easier for you to have and choose the right tag from the list.

### Azure cost item collection improvements
**Audience:** Operator, Partner


#### Description
This change introduces new data into the Azure cost item collection feature. As a result
there are more detailed Tenant Usage Reports for Azure.

### meshWorkspace renaming in CSV export
**Audience:** User


#### Description
With this change, you will from now download CSV exported files, which are reflecting the change from 'Customer' to 'Workspace' in all naming conventions.

