---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.166.0
---

Release period: 2023-03-23 to 2023-03-30

This release includes the following issues:
* Notifications for building blocks requiring manual action
* Find Usage Reports without Payment Method
* Audit Logs for meshPlatform
* Missing Information about Tenant Replication
* Improved Dashboards
* Fix static Building Block variables
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Notifications for building blocks requiring manual action
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
This adds a notification via email to inform a platform operator or admin
that a building block was ordered and now manual action is provision to finalize the
building block.

### Find Usage Reports without Payment Method
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
You can now find Usage Reports without a Payment Method assigned to them easily via Metering API. 
To do this specify 'paymentIdentifier' as empty or blank (whitespaces only) in the meshTenantUsageReports object.

### Audit Logs for meshPlatform
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We've implemented the first view of meshPlatform audit logs so that 
you can now easily control changes around meshPlatforms. Please 
stay tuned since we'll add a full scope of logs for meshPlatform 
in the coming weeks.

#### How to use
To check audit logs for specific meshPlatfom, choose one on the 
"meshPlatfoms" screen in the Admin Area and then choose the tab 
"History". If you would like to have more detailed information 
about performed action, click on the "Actions" button on the right side.

### Missing Information about Tenant Replication
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Due to the bug, you were not able to see information about the last tenant replication, namely time and status. 
Additionally, when you were triggering a replication manually in the Admin Area, the replication result was
not updated in meshPanel. Both problems are fixed now.

### Improved Dashboards
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Now it is easier for you to find a needed platform on the different 
graphs since they are all aligned to one color. We also add for 
"Ranking of project cost" information about customers for 
a specific project, so that you could find it easier.

### Fix static Building Block variables
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Values of static input variables on Building Blocks have not been applied, when a customer added the Building
Block to a meshTenant. This is fixed now and the static values, that were provided by the operator on the Building
Block, are now applied correctly. You can now see those values in the Inputs List that is shown for every Building
Block that is added to a meshTenant.

