---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2023.25.0
---

Release period: 2023-11-22 to 2023-11-29

This release includes the following issues:
* Display Tenant Quotas for workspace members
* Project and Workspace Access Control renamed
* Renaming of meshPartialTenantUsageReport
* Tenant Control Plane Overview
* Import unmanaged tenants in the Admin Area
* Read API for Building Blocks
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Display Tenant Quotas for workspace members
**Audience:** User, Operator<br>

#### Description
Workspace members can now view quotas on the Project Settings page.

### Project and Workspace Access Control renamed
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
By renaming "Access Control" on the project and workspace control plane to "Project Access" 
and "Workspace Access" respectively, we have made it easier for users to understand the 
level at which they are setting permissions.

### Renaming of meshPartialTenantUsageReport
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
The recently introduced meshPartialTenantUsageReport endpoint has been renamed
to meshResourceUsageReport.

#### How to use
If you already started to use this API endpoint, please make sure to rename
them to meshResourceUsageReport.

### Tenant Control Plane Overview
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
You can now easily view both Building Blocks and OSB Services together on the Overview Tab of the Tenant Control Plane for better resource visibility.

### Import unmanaged tenants in the Admin Area
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Administrators are now able to directly import an unmanaged tenant in the Admin Area and assign it to a workspace & project.

### Read API for Building Blocks
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
You can now list and filter for Building Blocks via the MeshObject API. It is also possible to retrieve individual Building Blocks.

