---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 7.152.0
---

Release period: 2022-12-28 to 2023-01-03

This release includes the following issues:
* Add finalized flag to Chargeback CSV and API
* Clean up non-finalized Preview Chargebacks
* Extend service broker error message
* Fix tag moving to end of list after saving
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Add finalized flag to Chargeback CSV and API
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Chargeback Statements can either be preview or finalized statements. To be able to identify
this difference, the finalized flag is now set in the Chargeback Statement CSV export
and in the meshChargeback Read API.

#### How to use
In the CSV export, it is added after the SellerProductGroup column. Via the meshChargeback Read API,
the flag can be found in the metadata of a meshChargeback. It is also possible to filter meshChargebacks
via their finalization status to e.g. only retrieve finalized meshChargebacks.

### Clean up non-finalized Preview Chargebacks
**Audience:** Customer, Operator, Partner


#### Description
With this change we introduce a mechanism that regularly removes Preview Chargeback Statements from past periods in case
they have not been finalized. For example, not finalizing a Preview Chargeback Statement can happen if the underlying 
usage reports cannot be finalized due to some collection issues. In those cases the Preview Chargeback Statements 
should be deleted, as the usage reports will be part of an upcoming Chargeback Statement once the usage report is finalized.

### Extend service broker error message
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
Previously, standard error messages were shown for a few service broker errors. We improved the error messages in the panel by displaying detailed information if available.

### Fix tag moving to end of list after saving
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
As an admin, when saving an existing tag in the tag catalog, the tag would automatically be moved to the bottom of
the list. This is now fixed and the tag will maintain its position in the list.

