---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.54.0
---

Release period: 2024-12-04 to 2024-12-09

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Access to Payment Methods with Chargeback Legacy Mode
* Duplicate or missing Chargeback Statements in Lists
* Quotas for Workspace API Keys
* Building Block Definition Button
* Improved Loading Experience for Project Selection
* Cost History for Tenant Movement
* Added Building Blocks Tab
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Access to Payment Methods with Chargeback Legacy Mode
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, for Chargeback 1.0 version admins were unable to access the Payment Methods view in the panel, preventing any modification or editing of payment methods. This has been fixed.

### Duplicate or missing Chargeback Statements in Lists
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
In the new Chargeback 2.0 process, when viewing chargeback statements via the
panel or exporting chargeback statements via the CSV export, it could happen
that chargeback statements were shown more often than once or not at all.
This has been fixed.
The meshObject API is not impacted by this issue. Every customer who is still
using the old chargeback process is also not impacted.

### Quotas for Workspace API Keys
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
You can now enforce the maximum number of API Keys per workspace using the workspace quota system.
A default quota of 10 is currently set for all workspaces. This default can be changed in the Admin Area
under Settings -> Compliance -> Default Workspace API Key Limit.

### Building Block Definition Button
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We have added a new button to the building block view to make it easy to open 
the corresponding building block definition. This allows easy navigation between
building block and building block definition during the development.

### Improved Loading Experience for Project Selection
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We have made it easier for you to know when data is loading during the first step of the move tenant flow. Instead of showing "No Items" while 
your project list is being prepared, you'll now see a "Loading" message. This ensures you know the system is working and avoids any confusion.

### Cost History for Tenant Movement
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
To improve transparency and usability in the tenant movement process, a new step Cost History has been introduced to the move tenant flow. This 
step gives you a clear view of how moving a tenant between projects and workspaces will affect tenant usage reports, helping you make informed 
financial decisions.

### Added Building Blocks Tab
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We have added a building blocks tab within the building block definition control plane to get a 
direct overview of the building blocks that have been created depending on the definition.
The change relates to the service management area and admin area.

