---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.29.0
---

Release period: 2024-07-01 to 2024-07-03

This release includes the following issues:
* Manage project user- and group-bindings via meshObject API
* Fix User Group Search under Workspace Access Control
* Improvement of Payment Method Overview
* Improved Feedback for Azure Subscription Provisioning
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Manage project user- and group-bindings via meshObject API
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Adds the option to add, remove and list project user and group bindings
via the meshObject API. The bindings are used to grant access to projects
for user and user groups.

### Fix User Group Search under Workspace Access Control
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, under Workspace access control, you couldn't search for user groups with underscores in their names or identifiers, which hindered the ability to assign groups to your Workspaces. This issue has now been fixed.

### Improvement of Payment Method Overview
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In this release, we've improved the payment method overview in the Admin Area. The "Expiration Status" column is now 
"Status," and we've added a "deleted" status for better clarity and sorting. Also, deleted payment methods are automatically 
sorted out when you enter the screen, providing a clear overview of the current state without overloading you with historical data.

### Improved Feedback for Azure Subscription Provisioning
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When provisioning Azure subscriptions meshStack now returns more helpful
feedback messages to users for expected transient error conditions like
Azure's APIs not finding the newly created subscription. The tenant now
retains a "Pending" replication state until the condition is resolved.

