---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.52.0
---

Release period: 2024-11-28 to 2024-12-02

This release includes the following issues:
* Drag and drop only works via drag element
* Enhanced Workspace Project and Payment Overview
* Fix Import of Multiple Tenants With Equal Local Ids
* Fix GCP Tenant Usage Reports and Chargebacks for November
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Drag and drop only works via drag element
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously you could drag and drop the entire row when moving items around (in the Building Block Inputs & Tag Overview).
This caused issues when trying to copy text out of this element.
To fix this, you can now only drag and drop elements via the small "dotted icon" dragging element at the
start of a row. This will allow you to copy text again without problems.

### Enhanced Workspace Project and Payment Overview
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
You can now have a better overview of projects and payment methods for a specific workspace from the Admin Area. With this change, the project and payment method views on the workspace page are updated to more user-friendly overviews with filters and sorting capabilities, making it easier for you to quickly find and manage relevant information for each workspace.

### Fix Import of Multiple Tenants With Equal Local Ids
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
This fixes a bug that prevented the successful import of tenants via the meshObject API
if the local id was equal but the tenants were located in different platform instances.

### Fix GCP Tenant Usage Reports and Chargebacks for November
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
Previously, an issue in Chargeback 2.0 from mid-november prevented GCP tenant usage reports from opening 
when environmental reports also existed. Additionally it resulted in wrong line items in preview chargeback 
statements. This issue has now been fixed, ensuring the reports are correct. Since the problem only affected 
november reports, which have not been finalized, no action is needed from you.

