---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.55.0
---

Release period: 2024-12-09 to 2024-12-12

This release includes the following issues:
* Expiring API Key Reminder Notifications
* Simplified Building Block Creation
* Fix for Failing Azure Subscription Owner Removals
* ABAC Support for Azure Role Assignments
* Deactivate meshCustomer Endpoints
* Enforce Versioned Accept Header for API
* Access Overview For Tenant Movement
* Display Email Instead of Username in Workspace Access Area
* Search for Users in Workspace Access
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Expiring API Key Reminder Notifications
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
As workspace owners or managers, you will now automatically receive reminders about expiring API keys. This ensures you can renew or replace them in time, avoiding disruptions to your applications.

### Simplified Building Block Creation
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In the service management area, it is now possible to create building 
blocks directly in the building block definition view. Simply select 
an existing tenant and configure the building block.

### Fix for Failing Azure Subscription Owner Removals
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
In some environments the removal of the replicator principal from new Azure Subscriptions
failed because of a bug in existing role detection. This has been fixed.

### ABAC Support for Azure Role Assignments
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
With this update, we enable the support for ABAC role assignments.
This Azure functionality allows more fine-grained control of how your users
can access your Subscription and resources.
This feature currently needs to be enabled via a feature flag.
Please contact the support if you want to try it out.

#### How to use
After the feature is enabled in your environment you can use the landing
zone configuration page to set up the Azure ABAC conditions in the role mapping
options. The ABAC condition is actively checked during replication and if needed 
is re-applied by the replication process.

### Deactivate meshCustomer Endpoints
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
After we have renamed meshCustomer to meshWorkspace, our meshCustomer
endpoints have remained available to ensure a smooth migration process for
every customer.
We have previously announced that our legacy meshCustomer API endpoints will
eventually be removed, and we have gradually deactivated the legacy endpoints
in more and more customer environments. With this release, the meshCustomer
API endpoints are now deactivated in all customer environments.
Most customers are not impacted by this change, since we have already
deactivated the legacy meshCustomer endpoints in the past for these environments.

#### How to use
For every meshCustomer endpoint that has been deactivated, there is a
corresponding meshWorkspace endpoint. Please follow our API docs for more
details.

### Enforce Versioned Accept Header for API
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
After we have previously announced that our API endpoints will require a
versioned Accept header, we have gradually enforced this in more and more
customer environments. With this release, all customer environments are now
configured such that the versioned Accept header is required.
Most customers are not impacted by this change, since we have already
introduced this configuration change in the past for these environments.

#### How to use
Please be aware that the Accept header is also required when you call a POST or PUT endpoint.
This information is included in the API documentation. Following the API docs
will ensure your requests work correctly.

### Access Overview For Tenant Movement
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
With this update, we've made moving tenants clearer with a new step showing access and permissions for the destination project, so you know exactly 
who will have access for tenants after you move it.

### Display Email Instead of Username in Workspace Access Area
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
This update resolves a cosmetic issue by ensuring that user email 
addresses are consistently displayed in the user lists within both 
the project and workspace access screens.

### Search for Users in Workspace Access
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Finding and managing users' workspace access is now easier with a new search bar in the Workspace Access section.
This search control is also available when managing workspace access from the Admin Area. 
This update simplifies member searches and streamlines workspace management.

