---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.17.0
---

Release period: 2024-04-03 to 2024-04-10

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix error upon platform creation
* Fix opening Platform Usage report details page
* Fix Services not showing for Shared Marketplaces
* Improve Robustness for Kubernetes/Openshift Metering
* Workload Identity Federation for GCP platforms
* Fix "View More" in the Tenants Overview
* Missing managing buttons in overview of Service Instances
* Fix Metering of Building Blocks in Custom Platforms
* UX improvement for platform and building block prices
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix error upon platform creation
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, if your environment would have the Service Management Area disabled and you try to create a platform in the Admin Area, you would encounter an error which would also disappear after a few seconds. This error has been fixed and also now shows indefinitely.

### Fix opening Platform Usage report details page
**Audience:** User, Customer<br>

#### Description
In a case where TenatnID contains a slash, Platform Usage report details are not opened. This has been fixed now.

### Fix Services not showing for Shared Marketplaces
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, certain OSB Services that were restricted to specific Workspaces
were not appearing on the Marketplace of these dedicated Workspaces. This is
now fixed.

### Improve Robustness for Kubernetes/Openshift Metering
**Audience:** Operator, Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
Previously, metering did not work when the resource included a resource limit
with the k suffix, for example, a CPU limit of 1k. This resulted in empty
Tenant Usage Reports and incomplete chargeback statements. This is now fixed.
Chargeback statements will have to be regenerated. We will reach out to you if
you are impacted.

### Workload Identity Federation for GCP platforms
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
You can now configure Workload Identity Federation for the service account in GCP replicator and metering 
platform configurations. This feature enables automatic rolling of credentials and you don't have to enter 
any GCP platform credentials to meshStack anymore.

#### How to use
You can test it out by switching from the "Credentials" authentication type to "Workload Identity Federation" for all
Service Accounts you want to change the authentication type for (e.g. replicator and metering are separate service principals).
You can find a description of what needs to be configured on the Service Account in meshPanel, when you select "Workload Identity Federation".

### Fix "View More" in the Tenants Overview
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, when you opened the overview of the tenants under "Platforms" in the sidebar and clicked on "View more" to see the details of a tenant, you encountered a navigation error. This has been fixed.

### Missing managing buttons in overview of Service Instances
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In rare cases, the buttons to update or delete a service instance didn't appear in the overview of service instances, which you could access via the marketplace control plane under Overview > Services > Service Instances. This has been fixed.

### Fix Metering of Building Blocks in Custom Platforms
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
For Building Block definitions that support more than one custom platform,
metering and cost collection was active only for one of the supported custom
platforms. Inside all other custom platforms, the Building Blocks could be
used free of charge. This is now fixed.

### UX improvement for platform and building block prices
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
The section inside the panel for setting prices for platforms and building
blocks was slightly modified to improve the general user experience.

