---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.2.0
---

Release period: 2024-01-03 to 2024-01-10

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Workspace Manager Access for tenant control plane
* Fix redirect for custom platforms from Marketplace
* New Building Block Definitions are now in Draft state
* Missing workspaces when creating payment methods
* Improved handling for SCIM group requests
* Workspace role expiration audit log entries show acting user
* Fix Service Instance creation during project creation
* File inputs could not be decrypted
* Improves Azure Platform Configuration description
* Description and Links for Platforms and Building Blocks
* Improve Partner Workspace Selection
* Multi tab improvement
* Fix static sensitive Building Block Inputs
* Removal of Deprecated OpenStack Panko Support
* New Welcome Page
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Workspace Manager Access for tenant control plane
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
Previously, attempting to access the tenant control plane without project assignment led to a "Something's gone wrong..." page. This issue has been fixed.

### Fix redirect for custom platforms from Marketplace
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When you wanted to add a Building Block for a custom platform from the Marketplace, you ran into
a Not Found page after adding the Building Block to a specific tenant. This is fixed now. You are
now redirected to the Building Block list of the selected tenant.

### New Building Block Definitions are now in Draft state
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
New Building Block Definitions won't be published automatically after creation anymore. Instead, they will stay
in Draft state. With the new feature to manage Building Block Definitions inside workspaces, this enables
Building Block Definition creators to first test their Building Block Definition in their own workspace, as also
their own draft Building Block Definitions are available for them. This provides a much smoother Building Block
Development experience, as no new version is required for every fix or change. Please be aware, that Building Block Definitions
in draft state, created in the Admin Area, cannot be tested, as no tenants can be created in the Admin Area. Therefore the Best-Practice
approach is to create new Building Block Definitions within a dedicated workspace. But also in the Admin Area, you have to publish
new Building Block Definitions explicitly now, before they can be used inside workspaces.

### Missing workspaces when creating payment methods
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Fixes an issues where not all workspaces were selectable when creating a new payment method.

### Improved handling for SCIM group requests
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Previously, meshStack was not able to handle a large amount of SCIM
group requests being sent in parallel. This has been improved.

### Workspace role expiration audit log entries show acting user
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Workspace audit log entries for changed role expiration events were missing the user performing the change and were showing the affected user instead.

### Fix Service Instance creation during project creation
**Audience:** User, Customer<br>

#### Description
If a Service Broker called the meshObject API during Service Instance provisioning,
it could happen, that e.g. the project was not yet available via the API. This issue
is fixed.

### File inputs could not be decrypted
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Fixes a problem where encrypted file inputs for Building Blocks could not be
decrypted when they were added during initial Building Block creation.

#### How to use
Existing Building Blocks that use encrypted file inputs and that currently
show an error of "illegal base64 data at input byte 4" or similar when run
can be fixed by creating a new version where any encrypted file inputs are
removed and recreated. This is only necessary when Building Block runs result
in errors and not for all Building Blocks using encrypted file inputs.

### Improves Azure Platform Configuration description
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Improves the description of the impact when skipping the Azure Subscription 
owner assignment in the platform configuration.

### Description and Links for Platforms and Building Blocks
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
You can now enhance information about Platforms by providing detailed 
descriptions, which will be shown on the Marketplace Catalog. 
Additionally, you can include now support links and documentation 
for your Building Blocks and Platform, allowing users to easily access 
valuable information and ensure a transparent communication channel.

#### How to use
You can add links and descriptions during any Platform Service creation. 
For Platforms afterward in the General subtab of the Settings tab and 
for Building Block links could be added afterward in the General tab 
of the Building Block definition.

### Improve Partner Workspace Selection
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
We've enhanced the user experience by introducing a caching feature 
for Partners. Now, when you log out, meshStack remembers your 
Workspace choice. Next time you log in, you'll go straight to 
your last Workspace, making things smoother and saving time.

### Multi tab improvement
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When you were working for a longer time during a day in meshStack 
and e.g. were away for a while, you could have seen a 
"Something went wrong" screen. This also happened in other cases 
like an unassignment of your user from the workspace or when using 
multiple tabs with different workspaces or the Admin Area open. 
The handling around this has been improved, so you should see the 
"Something went wrong" screen with e.g. an "access denied" message 
only in cases where it is intended to see this screen (e.g. trying 
to access a project you don't have access to). Regarding the 
multi-tab handling, please keep in mind, that if you switch the 
workspace in one tab and do a page reload on another tab, where you 
had a different workspace open, you will be redirected to the 
recently selected workspace or the admin area. When switching between 
different workspaces in that case, you will also still see an 
"access denied" page, so you are aware, that you will now be 
redirected to another workspace.

### Fix static sensitive Building Block Inputs
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Static sensitive inputs were double encrypted, when the Building Block was created during tenant
creation via meshObject API. This lead to a still encrypted value being provided to Terraform.
This is fixed now and static sensitive inputs are provided as expected to Terraform.

#### How to use
Existing Building Blocks with this issue have to be recreated.

### Removal of Deprecated OpenStack Panko Support
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
In the past, meshStack supported using OpenStack Panko events for metering
purposes. OpenStack has deprecated Panko and no longer includes it in
official OpenStack releases. We have therefore decided to remove support for
it from meshStack. Customers can continue using meshStack's state-based
metering data collection for OpenStack.

### New Welcome Page
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In our ongoing commitment to enhancing the user experience, we have introduced a new welcome page that 
will appear before login. The most exciting aspect is that you can customize it to your liking! Simply 
add your logo and a personalized description under the 'Welcome Page' tab on the Settings page to warmly 
greet your users.

