---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.3.0
---

Release period: 2024-01-12 to 2024-01-17

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix purging of draft Building Blocks with dependencies
* Fix Building Blocks fullPlatformIdentifier input
* Information about Missing Payment Methods
* Fix Search Results for Building Blocks
* Fix of wrong status display on dependent Building Blocks
* Fix for encrypted Building Block inputs
* Improve Building Block Dependency Options
* Support git branches and tags in Building Blocks
* Fix Tenant Creation with Service Provisioning Failure
* Fix Access for Tenant Overview Panel
* Workspace scoped shopping cart
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix purging of draft Building Blocks with dependencies
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
When you were using a draft Building Block Definition in your own workspace and added
a new dependency to your Definition after already creating a Building Block for it, it
was no longer possible to purge the Building Block. This is fixed now and purging of the
Building Block succeeds.

#### How to use
If you have multiple Building Blocks of that Definition in place before adding a new dependency,
you have to bulk purge all of the affected Building Blocks at once.

### Fix Building Blocks fullPlatformIdentifier input
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
We found and fixed a bug where the Tenant Identifier was used as
input value for Building Block inputs that have the Full Platform Identifier
specified as Input Source. This is now fixed. All affected Building Blocks 
need to be run again to update to the correct value.

### Information about Missing Payment Methods
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, the absence of a payment method in your workspace was only apparent when you were in the 
midst of creating a project. Now, we provide a clearer information within your workspace control panel, 
if no payment method is configured.

### Fix Search Results for Building Blocks
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Whenever a search for Building Blocks or their definition provided no matching result meshStack showed a wrong message. This has now been fixed and meshStack differentiates between no Building Blocks available or no matching search result found.

### Fix of wrong status display on dependent Building Blocks
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
This fixes a bug which could have triggered a wrong status update on dependent 
Building Blocks that belong to a definition, which was added multiple times on the same tenant. 
They were displayed as "waiting for dependency" even though they already 
successfully ran.

### Fix for encrypted Building Block inputs
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
There was a bug that would encrypt Building Block input multiple times
in cases where a Building Block definition had encryption enabled for both,
User Input sources and Platform Operator Input sources. This has been fixed
now. However, Building Blocks that encountered this bug before this release
cannot be repaired automatically. In the instances affected by this bug
the inputs have to be provided again.

### Improve Building Block Dependency Options
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
When defining dependencies on Building Block Definitions, we introduced a change with the latest release,
that all Building Block Definitions are available. They were not filtered to match the Supported Platforms
defined on the definition anymore. We revert this change for now due to some limitations of it. But for the future,
it is planned to bring this functionality back.

### Support git branches and tags in Building Blocks
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
Previously, it was possible to pin a git repository to a specific version using commit
hashes. Now it is possible to use git branches and tags.

### Fix Tenant Creation with Service Provisioning Failure
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, some input parameters for configuring an OSB when creating a new meshTenant were 
missing. This issue has been resolved now.

### Fix Access for Tenant Overview Panel
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, users with Workspace Manager or Workspace Owner role 
who were not members of a particular Project could not access 
the Overview tab, even though they could access other tabs such 
as Finance. This issue has been fixed, and now they have complete 
access to all tabs without any restrictions.

### Workspace scoped shopping cart
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Now your marketplace platform service will be scoped to your current 
workspace. We've also added a dialog to make it easier to see what 
you've selected. The advantage is that you can now decide to create 
a new project based on your service selection or an empty project.

