---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.1.0
---

Release period: 2023-12-20 to 2024-01-03

This release includes the following issues:
* SCIM Requests Rate Limit
* Fix validation not shown in Building Block Definitions
* Fix expiration date updates of Workspace Owner
* Enhancement of Navigation Bar Menu
* Fix bug in newly created OSB dashboard clients
* Add Audit Logs for Users Added via SCIM
* Make stuck Building Block runs runnable again
* Notification for Workspace Roles Expiration
* Adding Platform Service
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### SCIM Requests Rate Limit
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
With this change, we've enhanced the stability of SCIM by introducing a rate
limit for the SCIM endpoints to prevent any potential out-of-memory issues.

### Fix validation not shown in Building Block Definitions
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Previously, input regex validations of building block definitions wouldn't be displayed on the building block definition control plane if no draft version of the building block definition exists. This has been fixed.

### Fix expiration date updates of Workspace Owner
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously, an error occurred when attempting to update the expiration date of Workspace Owners, stating that only 2 Workspace Owners could be assigned at the same time. This issue has now been fixed.

### Enhancement of Navigation Bar Menu
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We have made various improvements to the navigation bar menu. Firstly, if you had your own support and documentation
links in the footer for Workspace users, we have moved them to the convenient 'Help' button at the top of the screen,
making it easier for application teams to find relevant information. If you wish to include this link, feel free to
get in touch with our support team. Furthermore, all other links that were previously in the footer can now
be found in the dropdown profile menu, along with some new product feedback options.
Lastly, the Admin Area button no longer shows up if you are already in the Admin Area.

### Fix bug in newly created OSB dashboard clients
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
This is only relevant for Enterprise Plan: A bug was introduced where not all required scopes were included
when creating dashboard clients in meshIdB. This is now fixed for new clients.
Existing clients were fixed manually in meshIdB. If you still encounter scope issues with an existing client,
please open a support request.

### Add Audit Logs for Users Added via SCIM
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
Previously, when a user was assigned to a Workspace after being added to a
group via SCIM no audit events were generated. This issue has been addressed
and resolved.

### Make stuck Building Block runs runnable again
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
In rare cases it could happen that a Building Block run remained in the
'PENDING' state. 
After 6 hours those runs are getting automatically assumed as failed and
can be triggered again in the Admin Area.

### Notification for Workspace Roles Expiration
**Audience:** User, Customer, Partner, Operator


#### Description
In a previous release, we have introduced a change where users receive a
notification one week before their Workspace Role expires. This was now
increased from one week to two weeks, ensuring that users have sufficient time
to take action before the Workspace Role expires.

### Adding Platform Service
**Audience:** User


#### Description
With the change, you can now add any Platform Service from the Marketplace 
to existing Projects and Tenants, which offers you the flexibility to 
tailor Platform Services to your unique needs.

#### How to use
Select your desired Platform Service from the Workspace Marketplace and 
proceed by clicking "Continue". In the initial step, opt to either create 
a new Project or seamlessly integrate the chosen Platform Service into 
an existing one. Moving to the second step, you have the flexibility to 
either choose from suitable existing Tenants or establish a new Tenant 
specifically for your Platform Service.

