---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.53.0
---

Release period: 2024-12-02 to 2024-12-04

This release includes the following issues:
* Fixes Azure Replication With Certain Role Config
* Fix Failing Tag Definition Update with Default Value
* Set API Key Expiration Date Limit
* CSV Export for Chargeback 2.0
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fixes Azure Replication With Certain Role Config
**Audience:** User


#### Description
This fixes a regression that could cause Azure replications to fail if you had the same Azure role
mapped to multiple roles in meshStack.

### Fix Failing Tag Definition Update with Default Value
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
In certain cases, when you update the definition of a single-select tag with a default value, you may encounter an error. This issue has now been fixed.

### Set API Key Expiration Date Limit
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
As an admin, you can now define a maximum expiration period, and users will be required to set their API key expirations within that timeframe. This helps you maintain control over key lifetimes.

### CSV Export for Chargeback 2.0
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
The CSV export of chargeback statements is now available for the Chargeback 2.0 process. 
It retains the same structure as the CSV export from the previous chargeback process. 
This export includes only the updated cost data, ensuring the report reflects the latest information, 
such as late bills from providers.

