---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.51.0
---

Release period: 2024-11-20 to 2024-11-28

This release includes the following issues:
* Slow performance when moving tenants
* Missing Partner Employee Permissions
* Manage Workspace Users from the Admin Area
* Deprecation of meshStack resource inventory
* Workspace Role Recertification Reminders
* Extend meshObject API with meshWorkspaceGroupBindings
* meshObject API meshWorkspaceUserBinding status codes changes
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Slow performance when moving tenants
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
This improves the performance of the tenant move wizard.
The tenant move wizard loaded a lot of data in the background. In environments with a lot of
projects and tenants this could lead to very slow behavior. This is now fixed.

### Missing Partner Employee Permissions
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Due to a permissions issue, the Partner Employee role was no longer able to see and manage payment 
methods in the Partner area. The permissions have been adjusted and the issue has been resolved.

### Manage Workspace Users from the Admin Area
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Now you are be able to manage users directly from the admin area. This includes assigning, deleting, and changing roles, 
as well as setting expiration dates, all without needing to assign yourself to this specific workspace. Note that this 
functionality is available only to users with Partner Admin or Partner Employee roles.

### Deprecation of meshStack resource inventory
**Audience:** User


#### Description
meshStack previously supported the inventory of Virtual Machines on OpenStack, accessible in the Admin Area
under Resources > Platforms. This feature has now been fully deprecated and removed from meshStack.

### Workspace Role Recertification Reminders
**Audience:** User


#### Description
To help you manage role recertification more easily, we have introduced a pop-up window that appears after logging in, 
if your own or team member roles of any workspace you manage, expire. A banner is also shown on the workspace control plane 
that reminds users about expiring workspace accesses. This helps you manage roles proactively and prevent any loss 
of access.

### Extend meshObject API with meshWorkspaceGroupBindings
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
The meshObject API was extended to support the creation, deletion and
retrieval of meshWorkspaceGroupBindings via the imperative meshObject API
endpoints (as opposed to the declarative meshObject API endpoints).

#### How to use
The documentation for the new API endpoints is available in our meshObject
API documentation, below the meshProjectGroupBinding. For now, this
functionality is only available for API users, and not for API keys. Support
for API keys will be available in the future.

### meshObject API meshWorkspaceUserBinding status codes changes
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
With this change, we have updated the HTTP response status codes for the
newly introduced meshObject API meshWorkspaceUserBindings endpoints to align
them with the behavior of other API endpoints. The POST
/api/meshobjects/meshworkspacebindings/userbindings endpoint now returns a
201 status code when creating a new meshWorkspaceUserBinding. If you're
already using this API endpoint, please update your status code check to 201.

