---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.6.0
---

Release period: 2024-01-26 to 2024-01-31

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix permissions for operating OSB Service Instances
* Prevent Unnecessary Notifications for Deleted Users
* Improved Terraform init log details
* Allows import of different users sharing an email address
* Improvements to Building Block run resilience
* Improved Publishing Concept for Building Blocks
* Show who owns a Building Block Definition to Admins
* Make status of Building Block Definitions visible
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix permissions for operating OSB Service Instances
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
In some cases, as an OSB operator, you encountered an issue that you were not allowed 
to purge service instances or access logs of service instances for services that you own 
in your workspace. This has now been fixed.

### Prevent Unnecessary Notifications for Deleted Users
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Due to an issue in the user deletion process, changes were not propagated to the notification system. This resulted in notifications being sent to deleted users.

### Improved Terraform init log details
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
When a Terraform Building Block is executed and "terraform init" fails, we now provide more details about the
error in the remarks of the Building Block Run.

### Allows import of different users sharing an email address
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
This fixes a meshObject API user import issue that was triggered if multiple 
users shared the same email address (e.g. an admin and a normal user account 
of the same person).

### Improvements to Building Block run resilience
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Depending on the Building Block setup and the resulting run dependency setup it could 
happen that due to race conditions the status updates were processed incorrectly. This
lead to seemingly stuck Building Block runs. An additional
bug prevented the automatic timeout of those "stuck" runs. Both issues are fixed.

### Improved Publishing Concept for Building Blocks
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
As we are currently introducing the management of Building Block Definitions for workspaces, it will
soon be possible to publish those Building Block Definitions, so they are available to all workspaces
via the marketplace. As this publishing conflicts with the current "publish Building Block Definition version",
we decided to rename it to "release Building Block Definition version", because you will just provide a new
release of an already published definition.

### Show who owns a Building Block Definition to Admins
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
The Building Block Definition list in the Admin Area now contains a sortable and filterable column for
"Owned By Workspace". That way, admins can easily get an overview of which workspace offers which
Building Block Definitions.

### Make status of Building Block Definitions visible
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
Currently Building Block Definitions can either be in a draft state, when they were only created with a draft
version in a workspace, or they are in a published state. These states are now shown when listing or showing
a Building Block Definition. It is also possible to filter on this state in the Building Block Definition list.
In the marketplace the draft state of a Building Block Definition is now also indicated with an according badge.
It helps workspace members to identify Building Block Definitions that are only available inside their workspace
as a draft and not available to any other workspaces.

