---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.23.0
---

Release period: 2024-05-15 to 2024-05-22

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix step 'Delete Groups' during the deletion of AWS tenant
* Introducing Landing Zone Event Logs
* Transition and Improvement of Platform Event Logs
* Hide incompliant Building Block Definitions in Marketplace
* Define Policies from Workspace to Building Block
* Tags in Marketplace for Building Blocks
* Fix project list access with API Key
* Improved Deletion Flow for Service Instances in Tenants
* Fix project creation with Workspace to Landing Zone policy
* Don't show incompliant Platforms in Marketplace
* Fix creation of Cloud Foundry default Organization Quota
* Project Event Logs
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix step 'Delete Groups' during the deletion of AWS tenant
**Audience:** User


#### Description
When a deletion of AWS tenant has been triggered, the replication to delete this tenant seems to be stuck at the 'Delete Groups' step with the information that the affected groups can't be deleted. This has been fixed.

### Introducing Landing Zone Event Logs
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
With this update, we've introduced new Landing Zone 
event logs on "Event Logs" page. Now, you can monitor 
all changes to Landing Zones, including also those 
within the Services Management Area of a dedicated 
Workspace.

### Transition and Improvement of Platform Event Logs
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
With this change, we've moved Platform logs to the "Event Logs" 
page and introduced new Platform event logs. This enhancement 
provides you with comprehensive tracking of all Platform changes, 
including those in the Services Management area of a dedicated 
Workspace.

### Hide incompliant Building Block Definitions in Marketplace
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
If policies between Workspaces and Building Block Definitions are defined, only compliant Definitions 
are shown in the Marketplace for a workspace. This improves the UX of the marketplace, as these Definitions
could not have been used by the Workspace anyway.

#### How to use
A common use-case for this is defining Business Units or similar as a Tag on Workspaces and Building Block Definitions
and restrict them via a Policy. In this scenario, some Definitions shall only be available to certain
Business Units. Other Business Units should not see the Definitions that are intended for other Business Units,
as they cannot use them.

### Define Policies from Workspace to Building Block
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
It is now also possible to define a Policy from Workspace to Building Block. Tags of the Building Block are
defined on the related Building Block Definition. A good example for 
such a policy is e.g. a policy for a matching Business Unit on your Workspaces and Building Blocks.
That way, you can restrict certain Building Blocks to only Workspaces that belong to a certain Business Unit.

### Tags in Marketplace for Building Blocks
**Audience:** User


#### Description
In this release we introduce tags in the Marketplace, starting with Building Blocks. This enhancement 
allows users to see detailed metadata, making it easier to select suitable components for projects and 
tenants' needs.

### Fix project list access with API Key
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Previously, all requests to list projects for a workspace 
that were authenticated based on an API Key were not scoped to
the respective workspace, but would rather return all existing
projects. This bug has been fixed now.

### Improved Deletion Flow for Service Instances in Tenants
**Audience:** User


#### Description
In this release, we've enhanced the deletion flow for service instances in tenants to provide a clearer 
and more intuitive user experience. Now, deleting a service instance is as simple as clicking the bin 
icon. Upon clicking, a modal will prompt you to confirm the deletion instead of doing a "double click" 
on the bin.

### Fix project creation with Workspace to Landing Zone policy
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
When you defined a Workspace to Landing Zone policy, the project creation did
not allow picking a Platform, even if the tags of a Landing Zone matched with the Workspace
tags. This issue is fixed now.

### Don't show incompliant Platforms in Marketplace
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
If policies between Workspaces and Landing Zones are defined, only Platforms that have at least one
compliant Landing Zone for a selected Workspace are shown in the Marketplace. If no Landing Zone exists,
or only Landing Zones, that don't match to Workspace according to the defined policies, the Platforms
are not shown in the marketplace anymore. This improves the UX of the marketplace, as these Platforms
could not have been used by the Workspace anyway. During Tenant creation, the user would not have been
able to select a Landing Zone and therefore could not have created a Tenant in the Platform.

#### How to use
A common use-case for this is defining Business Units or similar as a Tag on Workspaces and Landing Zones
and restrict them via a Policy. In this scenario, some Platforms shall only be available to certain
Business Units. Other Business Units should not see the Platforms that are intended for other Business Units,
as they cannot use them.

### Fix creation of Cloud Foundry default Organization Quota
**Audience:** Operator


#### Description
We fixed a bug where meshStack failed to create the default Organization Quota  
"meshstack-quota" in Cloud Foundry due to an error introduced when upgrading
our integration to use the Cloud Foundry v3 API.

#### How to use
When replicating a tenant to Cloud Foundry, meshStack creates:
- a Cloud Foundry organization for the meshStack workspace
- a Cloud Foundry Space for the meshStack tenant
- a Cloud Foundry Space Quota for the meshStack tenant quota
The Cloud Foundry organization also needs to have an org quota assigned. For this purpose,
meshStack creates a "meshstack-quota" that is effectively unlimited because meshStack
manages quotas individually on every Cloud Foundry Space instead of as an aggregate on the 
Cloud Foundry Organization level.

### Project Event Logs
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Recently, we have introduced the Event Logs page under the Compliance section
in the Admin area. Now, this page has been extended to include Project Event
Logs in addition to the existing Workspace Event Logs. Stay tuned as we
continue to expand logs related to actions in Workspace, Project, Platform,
and Landing Zone into this page.

