---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.34.0
---

Release period: 2024-08-01 to 2024-08-07

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix upgrade option for draft Building Blocks
* Improve performance when loading Building Block Definitions
* Enable/Disable manual user invites via self-service
* Performance optimization for project deletion
* Enforce versioned Accept Header for API in QA Environments
* Workspace Name Instead of IDs in Notifications
* No longer show variable name in Building Block Configuration
* Markdown Support for Building Block Input Descriptions
* Fix Converted Amounts for Projects with CO2 values
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix upgrade option for draft Building Blocks
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
When you created a Building Block based on a draft version of a Building Block Definition
and the Definition also had already released versions, the "Upgrade" button was available for
the Building Block, even though it was already on the latest draft version. This is fixed now
and there is no option anymore to upgrade a Building Block that is based on a draft Definition
version.

### Improve performance when loading Building Block Definitions
**Audience:** Customer, User, Partner<br>

#### Description
When you created many versions for a Building Block Definition or even for multiple Building
Block Definitions it took a long time to load the Building Block Definitions, e.g. for the
overview in the Admin Area. Also other Building Block related screens were affected. Performance
of this is improved now. We will continue improving it further, but with this first step, especially
environments with many Definitions that have a lot of versions should notice a clear performance boost.

### Enable/Disable manual user invites via self-service
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
This feature adds the option to disable manual user invitations in the admin area
management settings menu. Previously you had to enable SCIM to disable manual user invitations.
But if you managed users via the meshObject API and also wanted to disable manual user invitations
this was not easily possible. Now you can use this setting to prevent manual user invites.

### Performance optimization for project deletion
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
When deleting a project with all its tenants either via meshObject API
or directly via the panel, the deletion process should now be much faster.

### Enforce versioned Accept Header for API in QA Environments
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
As announced, we will deprecate calling the meshStack API without a versioned Accept
header from Sep 1st, 2024 on. We are now enforcing this in your QA environments to prevent
new integrations with the API without providing the version in the Accept header.

#### How to use
Please be aware, that the Accept header is also required when you call a POST or PUT endpoint. 
This information is now included in the API documentation. Following the updated API docs will 
ensure your requests work correctly.

### Workspace Name Instead of IDs in Notifications
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, notification emails displayed the Workspace 
identifier. Based on your feedback, we have replaced the
Workspace identifier with the Workspace name, making it 
easier to identify the Workspace where an action occurred.

### No longer show variable name in Building Block Configuration
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
A few releases ago we introduced display names for Building Block Definitions so users have more easy-to-read
names when configuring their Building Block Definitions. Besides that we also showed the underlying variable name
next to it. To reduce the information shown to the user, we now removed the variable name that was shown.
If you do still desire to show the variable name to your users for whatever reason, we recommend adding the 
variable name as brackets in the display name, e.g. "AWS Region (aws_region)".

### Markdown Support for Building Block Input Descriptions
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
As an owner of a Building Block Definition, you can now use Markdown in Building Block Input Descriptions. This allows you to e.g. add links
or other rich text formatting like bold or italic text in the description.

#### How to use
Simply enter text that is supported by the Markdown standard and it will be rendered to the user upon creating a new 
building block. For example: Built with **love** by [meshcloud](https://meshcloud.io).

### Fix Converted Amounts for Projects with CO2 values
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
Previously, currency conversion was not working in chargebacks that included
both monetary values and CO2 values. This has now been fixed, and monetary
amounts are correctly converted to EUR in chargebacks that also include CO2
values.

