---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.24.0
---

Release period: 2024-05-23 to 2024-05-28

This release includes the following issues:
* Platform Deactivation in Event Logs
* Show Detailed TenantUsageReport only for Private Platforms
* Fix display of total services in marketplace with policies
* Bugfix for Saving Favorites in Panel
* Fixed Email Notification Issue for Project Deletion
* Single Select and Default Value Saving Issue
* Fix survey popping up too often
* Reload tenant replication progress automatically
* Refresh workspace list on workspace creation as partner
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Platform Deactivation in Event Logs
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, the Event Log has shown incomplete information when a Platform
was deactivated. This has been fixed. This fix is also applied retroactively
for existing events, i.e., if a Platform was deactivated before this fix was
released, the corresponding event will now be shown correctly.

### Show Detailed TenantUsageReport only for Private Platforms
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
Previously, when viewing a TenantUsageReport, the "more details" button was
shown even though the detailed page is only intended for private cloud
Platforms. The resulting detailed page then showed fewer entries than the
previously shown TenantUsageReport, and sometimes no entries at all.
This has been fixed by not showing this button unless the Platform is a
private cloud Platform.

### Fix display of total services in marketplace with policies
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When policies are active that restrict Landing Zones or Building Blocks, the total number
in the marketplace was not correct. This is fixed now.

### Bugfix for Saving Favorites in Panel
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
Previously, adding and removing favorites in the panel did not always work
correctly. For example, adding a new favorite could remove all previously
saved favorites. This has been fixed.

### Fixed Email Notification Issue for Project Deletion
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
When a user marked a project for deletion that had several tenants and one of the tenants couldn't be marked for deletion, there was still a possibility that the other tenants could be marked correctly. In such cases, an email was sent to the Cloud Foundation team requesting deletion approval for those tenants, if manual action is required from the Cloud Foundation team. The project deletion workflow has been fixed. Now, an approval request for tenant deletion will only be sent if all tenants within the project can be successfully marked for deletion.

### Single Select and Default Value Saving Issue
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Recently we introduced the Single Select and Default values for Building Block Definition inputs.
We discovered a bug in this feature which caused given option values and default values not to be saved 
correctly in subsequent versions of the Building Block Definition. This issue has been fixed in the current release, 
ensuring that all values are saved properly when creating and updating Building Block Definition inputs.

### Fix survey popping up too often
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
meshStack might ask you sometimes for a quick rating between 1-5 by opening a small dialog. We fixed an issue where
this dialog would open more than once in a session.

### Reload tenant replication progress automatically
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
For workspace users in the project tenant list, the tenants will automatically be refreshed when they are having
an ongoing replication. This way you no longer have to manually refresh your browser to check in with replication
progress.

### Refresh workspace list on workspace creation as partner
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
When you created a new workspace as a partner and assigned yourself to it, the new workspace
did not appear in the navigation bar at the top. This is fixed now and you can see the
new workspace directly after creation in the dropdown without requiring a page reload.

