---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.47.0
---

Release period: 2024-10-28 to 2024-10-30

This release includes the following issues:
* Workspace Creation Wizard Improvement
* Improved transparency in the chargeback process
* Improved Admin Setup for Initial Workspace and Project Tags
* Workspace Access Helper Not Excluding Non-Active Projects
* Data migration for moving tenants
* Fix Optional Service Display During Tenant Creation
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Workspace Creation Wizard Improvement
**Audience:** User


#### Description
The workspace creation wizard now includes an immediate check for duplicate billing information. 
If a duplicate is detected, you???ll receive a warning right at the relevant step, rather than at 
the end of the process.

### Improved transparency in the chargeback process
**Audience:** User


#### Description
The chargeback process in meshStack has been revamped. Late cost data will now be included into the existing 
chargeback statements rather than being deferred to the next chargeback period. On top of that, it is now more 
transparent in the panel when this happens and you can easily open up chargeback statements and see the 
historical changes that happened to them. Please note that if we have not notified you about this new chargeback process, 
it is not activated yet in your meshStack. We will get in touch in the future to align on a rollout of the new and 
improved chargeback process.

### Improved Admin Setup for Initial Workspace and Project Tags
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
The admin area will now always show the "Edit Tags" actions on the "Workspaces" and "Projects" list views,
even when no tags are defined yet. From this screen, the panel will now guide you to setting up your first tags.
The "Edit Tags" actions are, of course, only available to users with the "Partner Admin" role.

### Workspace Access Helper Not Excluding Non-Active Projects
**Audience:** User


#### Description
When a user was added to a workspace, the access helper dialog also 
listed projects already in a deletion process. This has been fixed.

### Data migration for moving tenants
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Replication might not work directly after the rollout of the new release.
This is due to a data migration effort. As we work on the support of
moving tenants to other projects, some data migration needs to happen
in the background. If you trigger a replication right after the release,
it might fail with an according error message. This should only be the case for a few minutes.

### Fix Optional Service Display During Tenant Creation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
This fixes a bug that prevented selecting optional building block
services during tenant creation when you switched landing zones multiple times
while in the wizard.

