---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.38.0
---

Release period: 2024-08-28 to 2024-09-05

This release includes the following issues:
* Skip Azure Resource Check on Subscription deletion
* Fix update of static Building Block Definition input files
* Fix Default Value for Single-Select Tags
* Fix deletion of mandatory Building Block Definition
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Skip Azure Resource Check on Subscription deletion
**Audience:** Customer, Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
When meshStack cancels an Azure subscription, Azure sometimes returns an error if the subscription 
still contains resources. This prevents tenant deletion from completing successfully in meshStack. 
We now instruct Azure to ignore existing resources when deleting a subscription. In the event that 
operators need to recover resources deleted this way, they can undo the subscription deletion in 
Azure until a few days after the cancellation.

### Fix update of static Building Block Definition input files
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
When you tried to update a file of a static Building Block Definition input, the Save button was still disabled
and the new file was not saved. This issue has been fixed and after you click the Save button, the new file is also
persisted.

### Fix Default Value for Single-Select Tags
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In this release, we've resolved an issue where predefined default values for single-select tags were not being applied in 
certain edge cases. With this fix, the default value will now be correctly pre-selected when specified, ensuring it serves 
as the default option if no user selection is made.

### Fix deletion of mandatory Building Block Definition
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
If a Building Block Definition was defined as mandatory on a Landing Zone and a Building Block with this definition existed,
the deletion of the Building Block Definition was not possible. The deletion of the Building Block was triggered, but could
never be updated and therefore even no new run for the deletion of the Building Block appeared. This issue is fixed now. You
can successfully delete the Building Block Definition and the Building Block.

