---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.13.0
---

Release period: 2024-03-13 to 2024-03-20

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix OpenStack configuration errors stalling replications
* Retry Terraform Init for Building Block execution
* Fix editing of Platform Notifications
* Auto-Refresh pending OSB service instances
* Fix Azure Cost Data
* Enhanced Tenant Creation Process
* Financial Control in the Service Management Area
* Add Service Instance Button
* Transfer Platform Service Ownership to Workspaces
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix OpenStack configuration errors stalling replications
**Audience:** User, Partner<br>

#### Description
If there was an OpenStack platform misconfiguration (e.g. a wrong password), this could
lead to OpenStack tenants in this platform to get stuck for up to 30 minutes until they
could replicate again. This was fixed.

### Retry Terraform Init for Building Block execution
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
In some private environments, where proxies for internet access are used, terraform init can fail
due to connectivity issues. We implemented a simple retry for terraform init to work around these
temporary connectivity issues.

### Fix editing of Platform Notifications
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Due to a recent regression, it was not possible to edit Platform Notifications anymore.
This is fixed now.

### Auto-Refresh pending OSB service instances
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
A new pending status was introduced for OSB Service Instances previously. Those Service Instances were not
refreshed automatically in meshPanel, which resulted in the user having to click refresh on his own.
This is fixed now and those service instances are also refreshed automatically, like service instances
that are in an "in progress" state.

### Fix Azure Cost Data
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
From the beginning of March 2024, Azure's Cost Management API supplied an incorrect cost item, which duplicated the 
total subscription cost and as a result, affected Tenant Usage Reports showed duplicated costs. This fix stops processing 
these invalid cost items and cleans up previously collected data. After the fix is deployed, meshcloud will regenerate 
usage reports and Chargeback Statements for affected environments, so that you will have no duplicate cost data for February 
and March 2024.

### Enhanced Tenant Creation Process
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We have enhanced the tenant creation process with a revamped
 wizard flow, making it more user-friendly and aligned with 
 the project creation process. With this update, users can 
 now navigate through the tenant creation journey with greater 
 ease and confidence, drawing upon their familiarity with the 
 project creation flow to add tenants effortlessly.

### Financial Control in the Service Management Area
**Audience:** User, Customer<br>

#### Description
(Please note that this is only relevant for environments where the Service
Management Area is activated. This allows you to manage Platform Services from
a Workspace. Reach out to support@meshcloud.io to have it activated in your
environment.)
With this change, you will gain a comprehensive overview of your
Platform's usage, including the prices you've charged to users and their
associated usage costs from providers to be able to identify anomalies.
Accessible through a newly introduced Financial page within the Service
Management Area, this overview includes all usage reports from all tenants
across various Workspaces dedicated to your Platforms. Please stay tuned for
the upcoming financial overview for Building Blocks, which will be available
soon as well.

### Add Service Instance Button
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
A new "Add Service Instance" button has been added to the OSB Marketplace Instance screen 
to make it easier for users to add Service Instances, ensuring a consistent and smoother 
Marketplace workflow.

### Transfer Platform Service Ownership to Workspaces
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
(Please note that this is only relevant for environments where the Service Management Area is activated. This allows
you to manage Platform Services from a Workspace. Reach out to support@meshcloud.io to have it activated in your environment.)
The owning Workspace (or Admin Area) can now be changed for Platforms & Building Block Definitions. This means you can
transfer the ownership of either of these to a single Workspace, or even back to the Admin Area if needed. The publication
status of the Service will remain, meaning that if a Platform was already publicly available, it will remain publicly available after transfer.

#### How to use
On either the Platform Control Plane or Building Block Definition Control Plane, navigate to the Danger Zone. In this
screen you will find a section called "Transfer Ownership" where you can select a different Workspace (or the Admin
Area) to be the new owner of the Service.

