---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.40.0
---

Release period: 2024-09-13 to 2024-09-19

This release includes the following issues:
* Failed Tenant Creation No Longer Blocks Deletion
* Set Project to Active on Tenant Deletion Rejection
* Fixed Long Tag Value Display Issue
* Limit Maximum Number of Tag Definitions
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Failed Tenant Creation No Longer Blocks Deletion
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
Previously, when a tenant replication failed during its creation, neither the tenant nor its associated project could be deleted in meshStack. This issue has now been resolved.

### Set Project to Active on Tenant Deletion Rejection
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
Previously, when a project was submitted for deletion, its associated tenants were also automatically submitted for deletion. If one of the tenant deletions was rejected, the project would remain in a "Deletion pending" state. This issue has now been resolved. The project is now set back to an "active" status, allowing it to be resubmitted for deletion after the submitter has resolved the provided comments or cleaned up the rejected tenant.

### Fixed Long Tag Value Display Issue
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, long tag values appeared broken, causing misalignment or truncation in the UI. In this release long tag values 
will now wrap or truncate gracefully, ensuring they are rendered correctly without breaking the layout.

### Limit Maximum Number of Tag Definitions
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
This release introduces a limit on the maximum number of tag definitions that admins can create.
The default value for this limit is 256 tag definitions across all taggable meshObject types. 
We introduce this change to prevent possible performance issues when using a large number of tag
properties and prepare introduction of tags in the meshObject API.

