---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2024.41.0
---

Release period: 2024-09-20 to 2024-09-25

This release includes the following issues:
* Metering Configuration Transparency
* Simplification for Expiration Date Changes
* Fix Prices per month
* Removal of Provider information in Location
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Metering Configuration Transparency
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We've added metering configuration status to make it easier for you to independently verify and troubleshoot your metering 
configuration. On the Platform Page in the Admin area under the "Metering Status" column, you can now see if your metering 
configuration is not defined, pending, failed, or successful. Please stay tuned as we will add details about errors
that occurred during collection as well as notifications about the failed status and visibility of it on 
the action needed section of the Dashboard.

### Simplification for Expiration Date Changes
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, if the 4-eyes principle was enabled in your 
meshStack for requesting access to a Workspace or Project, 
you also needed extra approvals from other users to change 
an expiration date. Now changing the expiration date will 
be processed instantly, without needing additional approvals 
even if the 4-eyes principle enabled for your meshStack.

### Fix Prices per month
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
Changes to prices for Platforms, Building Blocks, and OSBs defined in meshStack are from now on only valid from 
the current month on. That means that even if a chargeback statement is regenerated in a following month, where 
prices were already modified, the prices for Platforms, Building Blocks, and OSBs will stay as they were at the 
end of the period of the chargeback statement.

### Removal of Provider information in Location
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We have removed the "Provider" feature, which previously allowed you to set a name,
description, URL, and logo to display alongside your platform instance. If you are using the Provider feature we
have reached out to you a few weeks ago, so if you have not been notified there is no impact on your platforms.
For those that were using the Provider feature, we now directly integrated similar information on the platform itself.
You can see this information when you open a platform in the marketplace.
This includes the following migrations: The provider name is not migrated,
as it typically mirrors the platform name. The provider description will
only be migrated if your platform does not already have a description.
Custom logos are not supported, so the logo URL will not be migrated.
The website URL will be migrated only if your platform does not already have a support URL.
No action is required from you, as these changes will be handled automatically.
This update is part of our effort to simplify platform management and improve the overall user experience.

