---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.34.0
---

Release period: 2025-08-13 to 2025-08-18

This release includes the following issues:
* Mention Feature For Workspace Resources In Building Block Summary
* Prevent Data Loss on "Go Back" in Definition Creation
* meshPlatform API
* Fixed tenant creation on private platforms via meshObject API
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Mention Feature For Workspace Resources In Building Block Summary
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
We introduced a new mention feature that allows you to reference building blocks, projects, and tenants directly in 
markdown content. When you use the mention syntax, these references are automatically transformed into interactive 
badges that display relevant information and provide direct navigation links to the mentioned resources.

#### How to use
Use the following mention syntax in building block summary markdown content to reference workspace resources:

- Building blocks: @buildingblock[uuid-of-building-block]
- Projects: @project[workspace-identifier.project-identifier]  
- Tenants: @tenant[uuid-of-tenant]

### Prevent Data Loss on "Go Back" in Definition Creation
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Extended the confirmation dialog handling to prevent accidental loss of unsaved changes when using the "Go Back" 
button in the building block definition creation wizard.

### meshPlatform API
**Audience:** User, Customer, Operator<br>

#### Description
You can now manage platforms via the meshObject API. A new set of permissions has been made available
for API keys to do so. The meshPlatform endpoint allows you to create, update, and delete platforms
in the meshObject API. The API endpoints currently support the following platform types:
AKS, AWS, Azure, Azure Resource Groups, GCP, Kubernetes and OpenShift.
Platform configuration can be managed for replication, but not yet for metering.
Please refer to the API documentation for more details on how to use the meshPlatform API.

### Fixed tenant creation on private platforms via meshObject API
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
An incorrect authorization check in the meshObject API allowed an API key with permissions to create 
tenants in its own workspace to create a tenant on a private platform, even if the workspace was not included
in the list of allowed workspaces for that platform. This bug has been fixed.

#### How to use
Please note that API keys with admin-scoped permission to create tenants continue to have the ability to create 
tenants on private platforms.

