---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.31.0
---

Release period: 2025-07-23 to 2025-07-30

This release includes the following issues:
* New meshWorkspace API version
* Fix Saving Building Block Input of Type Parent Building Block Output
* Fixed Navigation in the Building Block UI
* Improve Copy Behavior for Tag values
* Reduced Duplicate New Tenant Notifications
* Immediate Removal of Assigned Unmanaged Tenants From List
* Fix Rare AWS Account Orphaning Issue
* Better Logs for Azure Subscription Creation Failures
* New meshObject API Endpoints for Workspaces
* Fix Block Issue When Updating Repo URL Protocol
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### New meshWorkspace API version
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
We have introduced a new API version v2 for meshWorkspaces. The only change
between v1 and v2 is that the tags now appear within the 'metadata' property
instead of the 'spec' property. This change improves the consistency of our
meshObject API.
If you use the meshWorkspace meshObject API, we recommend switching to
the new v2 version at your convenience. However, The old v1 version of
meshWorkspaces remains available and will not be removed without prior
notice, so that no immediate action is required on your part.
Also note that POST, PUT and DELETE endpoints are only available with the new
meshWorkspace v2 API.

### Fix Saving Building Block Input of Type Parent Building Block Output
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
A regression caused an error when saving a building block with
an input set to a parent building block's output. This issue has been
resolved, and saving now works as expected.

### Fixed Navigation in the Building Block UI
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Fixed Go back button behaviour of the Building block control plane to navigate to the previous page instead of 
definition page of the selected building block.

### Improve Copy Behavior for Tag values
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Clicking on tag values also for the truncated tags now copies the full text to the clipboard, ensuring complete 
data is copied even when the UI displays an ellipsis.

### Reduced Duplicate New Tenant Notifications
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
A regression in the previous release could cause multiple "new tenant"
notification emails to be sent whenever the replication status
(success, pending, failed) changed. This issue has now been resolved,
and notifications will only be sent as intended.

### Immediate Removal of Assigned Unmanaged Tenants From List
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
This change ensures that when an unmanaged tenant is assigned to a project, it is immediately removed from the 
list of unmanaged tenants. This provides a more intuitive user experience by reflecting the current state of 
tenant assignments without requiring a page refresh or additional actions.

### Fix Rare AWS Account Orphaning Issue
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
If an AWS tenant was created by meshStack but the request had not yet been fully
processed by AWS when the tenant was immediately deleted again, there was a very
short time window in which this account was not properly tracked and could be 
forgotten (orphaned) in AWS. This has now been fixed.

### Better Logs for Azure Subscription Creation Failures
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Error logs in the admin area now include more details for Azure API
failures during subscription creation. This makes it easier to find
and fix the cause.

### New meshObject API Endpoints for Workspaces
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
The meshObject API now provides new endpoints to create, update and delete
workspaces. Please refer to the official API documentation for more details.

### Fix Block Issue When Updating Repo URL Protocol
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
Resolves an issue that occurred when switching the Terraform building block repository URLs from SSH to HTTPS. 
The SSH key was not properly removed, which could cause failures when running the building block later.
If you continue to experience issues, please re-edit the building block and update the repository URL again.

