---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.1.0
---

Release period: 2024-12-18 to 2025-01-08

This release includes the following issues:
* New MeshTenantUsageReport API Version
* Fixes "Owner can not be removed" issue in Azure
* Fixed Project Filtering Issue in Admin Panel Workspace View
* Fix environmental usage reports with missing line items
* Abort building block runs
* Terraform Input Importer Works With Numbers
* Building Block Definition Journey
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### New MeshTenantUsageReport API Version
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
With this release, we are introducing version 3 of meshTenantUsageReport API, providing additional 
fields and more detailed responses. meshTenantUsageReport API v3 also includes individual usage report 
line items grouped by seller and product group. Please be aware, that this new version is only supported 
if you are switched on to Chargeback 2.0. From March 1st 2025 on, meshTenantUsageReport API v2 will not be 
available at all anymore, see more information 
[here](https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshcloud.chargeback-v2.html).

### Fixes "Owner can not be removed" issue in Azure
**Audience:** User


#### Description
If a role was updated/swapped which was the last owner role assignment on an Azure Subscription
this could lead to the "Owner can not be removed" error during replication. This has been fixed.

### Fixed Project Filtering Issue in Admin Panel Workspace View
**Audience:** User


#### Description
When you click the "show projects" button in the admin panel workspace view the name instead of the workspace 
identifier was used for project filtering. This could lead to inconsistencies in the display of the project 
list and it has been fixed.

### Fix environmental usage reports with missing line items
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
For customers who already use the new chargeback 2.0 process, environmental
tenant usage reports have not been successfully created in some cases. The
tenant usage reports have included only a single zero-valued line item, even
if the cloud provider had already provided the CO2 costs. This is now fixed.
Only environmental usage reports (which are shown in the panel in the
'GreenOps' section) that were created in the recent few months were impacted
by this issue.

### Abort building block runs
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
Operators have now the possibility to abort runs that are pending 
or in progress. This can be achieved by navigating to the run details
view within the admin area of the panel and click the 'Abort run' button.
It is also possible to send a run update with the 'ABORTED' status via the
meshObject API. The abort action will be accepted immediately but it can
take a moment to come into effect.

### Terraform Input Importer Works With Numbers
**Audience:** User


#### Description
This fixes a bug which prevented the detection of numeric defaults in the 
Terraform building block definition input importer.

### Building Block Definition Journey
**Audience:** User


#### Description
We have introduced a guided visualization to help engineers understand 
the necessary steps for publishing a building block definition in the 
marketplace. This journey process is now available in the dedicated 
'Building Block Definition' general tab within the Service Management 
area. Engineers can follow this guidance from the initial setup until 
the definition is successfully published.

