---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.9.0
---

Release period: 2025-02-26 to 2025-03-05

This release includes the following issues:
* Event Logs Show Events from Past Month by Default
* Remove option to turn off Chargeback 2.0
* Workspace Building Blocks
* meshObject API Deprecation Documentation
* meshObject API deprecation of meshCustomer
* Audit Workspace User Group Membership Changes
* Http backend for Terraform state
* Simpler logout procedure
* SCIM API support for application/scim+json
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Event Logs Show Events from Past Month by Default
**Audience:** Partner, Customer


#### Description
The Event Log that is available in the Compliance section now has a
date filter pre-selected. By default, only events from the past month are
shown. This change alleviates performance issues with the search
functionality that can occur if the number of events grow large.

### Remove option to turn off Chargeback 2.0
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
As announced, the setting in the admin area to turn off Chargeback 2.0 is now removed. It is no longer
possible to switch back to the old chargeback mode. All envirnonments that were not switched to
Chargeback 2.0 yet are switched automatically now.

### Workspace Building Blocks
**Audience:** User, Partner


#### Description
We are excited to announce that building blocks are now allowed on a workspace level! Previously, building blocks were only 
available on a per-tenant level. This enhancement provides greater flexibility and control over your workspace configurations.

#### How to use
A workspace building block definition can be created in both the service management area and the admin area.
To start using workspace building blocks, simply go to the marketplace and select a workspace type building block. The look 
and feel is consistent with tenant building blocks, making the transition seamless. These new building blocks are 
conveniently listed under a dedicated tab in the workspace control plane, ensuring easy access and management.

### meshObject API Deprecation Documentation
**Audience:** User


#### Description
The meshObject API documentation now includes a new section listing deprecated API endpoints
and deprecated meshObject versions. For every deprecation, the section includes the announced EoL date
and upgrade instructions. Please review this documentation to ensure your API clients stay up to date with meshObject API.

### meshObject API deprecation of meshCustomer
**Audience:** User


#### Description
This version of meshStack removes the meshCustomer object and its endpoints from the
meshObject API. This object has been deprecated for a very long time since its rename
to meshWorkspace.

### Audit Workspace User Group Membership Changes
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
Previously, when a user was added to or removed from a Workspace User Group,
only the role changes resulting from this action were audited. For example,
when a user was added to a group that granted "Workspace Member" role to a
given workspace, only this role change was audited for that given user, but
it was not audited that the user was added to that group. Now, the addition
and removal of users from a workspace user group is also audited, allowing
you to track which user was added to or removed from which group.

### Http backend for Terraform state
**Audience:** Partner, Operator


#### Description
meshStack now supports a basic http backend for Terraform state
that can be used for Terraform/OpenTofu building blocks.
To enable it simply activate the respective toggle button within the
implementation configuration of a building block definition.
The http backend will then automatically be used in case no other backend
is defined within the building block sources. API keys with matching permissions
can read and/or manipulate the state via the API.
For more details please refer to the building blocks section of the Administrator guide
within our documentation.

### Simpler logout procedure
**Audience:** User


#### Description
When a user logs out, they are redirected directly to the 
logged out screen instead of first seeing the additional 
logout screen from the identity provider.

### SCIM API support for application/scim+json
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
The SCIM API supported by meshStack now correctly supports HTTP content negotiation
as defined by RFC 7644 using the "application/scim+json" media type.

#### How to use
meshStack's SCIM API responses will now always have a Content-Type header
of value "application/scim+json". Previously meshStack did return another media type
that was not defined in the RFC. API clients can now also explicitly request
"application/scim+json" via the Accept header, though this remains optional.

