---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.7.0
---

Release period: 2025-02-12 to 2025-02-19

This release includes the following issues:
* Fix Workspace Creation for rare User Configuration
* Filter Building Blocks via Definition UUID in API
* Fix adding Validation Message on new Building Block Input
* Fix known host not showing when provider name in URL
* Fix Incorrect Data when Exporting Payment Methods via CSV
* Cleanup Expired Role Bindings
* Increased OSB platform restriction transparency
* Remove Greeting from Email for Custom Recipients
* Building Block Input and Output UI Improvement
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Fix Workspace Creation for rare User Configuration
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In rare cases, new users were unable to create workspaces in meshStack. This only affected users that
had a special combination of user attributes. This issue has been fixed.

### Filter Building Blocks via Definition UUID in API
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
An additional query parameter was added to the building block API. You can now filter by building block definition UUID.

### Fix adding Validation Message on new Building Block Input
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
When adding a new building block definition input, the "Message on Regular Expression Failure" was not getting saved.
Only when you set it again afterwards, it was saved as intended. This is fixed now.

### Fix known host not showing when provider name in URL
**Audience:** Operator<br>

#### Description
In the last release we introduced the functionality to hide the known host form for Terraform Building Blocks.
The hiding also wrongfully occurred for repository URLs where the provider name was mentioned e.g. gitlab.company.com.
This is now fixed and the known host form is available again in those cases.

### Fix Incorrect Data when Exporting Payment Methods via CSV
**Audience:** Partner, Customer<br>

#### Description
Previously, the Payment CSV export in the Admin Area under the Payment
Methods page still used data from the old Chargeback process, even if
Chargeback 2.0 was enabled. This has now been fixed, and it correctly exports
the updated data.

### Cleanup Expired Role Bindings
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Before, when a user was deleted in meshStack, their workspace role bindings were removed, but expired ones were 
accidentally skipped. Now, this has been fixed, and expired role bindings are deleted as well.

### Increased OSB platform restriction transparency
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
If an OSB platform was restricted to certain workspaces, the 
service instances screen was inaccessible without showing an error 
if your workspace was once part of the restriction but has been removed. 
We now have improved transparency and added information on what to do if 
the current workspace no longer has access to the OSB platform.

### Remove Greeting from Email for Custom Recipients
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When providing a custom email address as a recipient for e.g. building block notifications,
the greeting in the email was broken, as it only showed placeholders. This is fixed now and in those
cases, no greeting is shown, as no name of the user is available to meshStack.

### Building Block Input and Output UI Improvement
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
In this release, we implemented a more streamlined and organized layout for Building Block input and output configurations. To this enhancement, 
a gap has been introduced between individual input and output sections, the deletion button has been moved from the header to the body of the input and output 
configuration for better visual flow and ease of access.

