---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.3.0
---

Release period: 2025-01-15 to 2025-01-22

This release includes the following issues:
* Prevent assignment of unknown tags
* Chargeback Statements For Projects Without Payment Method
* Turning on and off Chargeback 2.0 in Self-Service
* OSB Service Broker Usage with Chargeback 2.0
* Use Any Email For Building Block Notifications
* New Chart for Payment Methods
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Prevent assignment of unknown tags
**Audience:** User


#### Description
Tags without a definition can no longer be added via the meshObject API. 
If you try to do so, you will get an error from the API.

### Chargeback Statements For Projects Without Payment Method
**Audience:** Customer, Partner


#### Description
Previously, there was a bug in Chargeback 2.0 where chargeback statements were not generated for projects without 
a payment method in meshStacks where the payment method was configured as non-mandatory by our support team. 
This issue has now been resolved, and you will see the chargeback statements even if there is no payment 
method set.

### Turning on and off Chargeback 2.0 in Self-Service
**Audience:** Partner


#### Description
You can now turn off and on the Chargeback 2.0 process in self-service under
the Financial subsection of the Settings page. Please note that turning off
the Chargeback 2.0 option will be only available until the end of February
and starting from March 1, 2025, Chargeback 2.0 will be the default version.
Please find more information about Chargeback 2.0 changes and limitations
[here](https://docs.meshcloud.io/docs/meshcloud.chargeback-v2.html).

### OSB Service Broker Usage with Chargeback 2.0
**Audience:** Customer


#### Description
The OSB Service Broker Metering & Usage screen and CSV export are now also based on Chargeback 2.0 data.
Except for a slightly improved default ordering for the lines in the table and the CSV export, no difference
in data is expected. You can continue to use it as before.

### Use Any Email For Building Block Notifications
**Audience:** User


#### Description
This fixes a bug which prevented you from saving building block definitions if a user lost access
to your workspace and was set as a notification receiver.
It also enables you to use any email address (also those that are not users in meshStack) to 
receive building block updates such as a group inbox.
User and email notification receiver are now no longer tied to the workspace access in order
to receive notifications regarding building blocks.

### New Chart for Payment Methods
**Audience:** User


#### Description
With this update, we have added a new chart to the payment method, which displays the total spending for each payment method with a dedicated 
budget line in addition to the distribution of spending across projects chart.

