---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.2.0
---

Release period: 2025-01-08 to 2025-01-15

This release includes the following issues:
* Finalize Partly Incomplete Chargeback Statements
* Fixed Chargeback Line Item Numbering
* No notifications for deleted API Keys
* Projects without Payment Methods for Chargeback 2.0
* Product Search in Tenant Usage Reports
* Move disabled platforms down platform selection
* Fixes Upgrade of Building Blocks with Dependency
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Finalize Partly Incomplete Chargeback Statements
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Previously, in the new chargeback 2.0 process, non-finalized chargeback
statements from past periods were automatically deleted. This could happen if
a single Tenant Usage Report that was part of this chargeback statement was
not finalized, for example, because the underlying platform was already
deleted and therefore no new costs were collected. This has been fixed now.
If a Tenant Usage Report cannot be finalized for whatever reason, the
associated chargeback statement will be finalized and it will have this
particular Tenant Usage Report removed from its line items. This fix also
creates missing chargeback statements that were deleted in the past, because
some usage reports were not finalized.

### Fixed Chargeback Line Item Numbering
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
The tenant usage reports in chargeback statements previously displayed 
incorrect numbering. Additionally, these reports were duplicated when 
multiple line items existed for them with different sellers. Both 
issues have now been resolved.

### No notifications for deleted API Keys
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
Notifications are no longer sent out for API keys 
that are about to expire in case the API key has been
already deleted.

### Projects without Payment Methods for Chargeback 2.0
**Audience:** Customer, Partner<br>

#### Description
With this change and Chargeback 2.0 activated, if your project doesn't have a payment method because the previous 
one expired and you haven't set a new one yet, we'll still generate and finalize tenant usage reports without 
payment methods, but chargeback statements won't be generated.
When you set a new payment method, all past tenant usage reports that were missing one and include 
the new payment method get updated. Also chargeback statements for those periods get generated with the new 
payment method.

### Product Search in Tenant Usage Reports
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
As part of improving the user experience in the financial overview, a search bar has been introduced to the Product column in the Tenant Usage 
Report, allowing you to quickly search and filter resources by product, eliminating the need to navigate through extensive cost lists manually.

### Move disabled platforms down platform selection
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
When selecting platforms, either for an existing or new project, all disabled platforms are moved to the bottom of the list.
This should make it easier for users in meshStacks with a lot of platform to filter out platforms that are not available
either due to mismatching policies or platform misconfiguration.

### Fixes Upgrade of Building Blocks with Dependency
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
This fixes a bug that prevented upgrading an existing building 
block to a new version in which the parent dependency was removed.

