---
author: meshcloud
title: Release 2025.26.0
---

Release period: 2025-06-18 to 2025-06-25

This release includes the following issues:
* Accessible Name Now Matches Tag Expand Button Label
* Fix Disabled Save on GitHub Building Block Definition
* Fix Building Block Deletion Failure
* Improved Accessible Labels for Project List
* Fix false unsaved changes popup for GitHub definitions
* Self-service customization of email style
<!--truncate-->

## Ticket Details
### Accessible Name Now Matches Tag Expand Button Label
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
To support assistive technologies, like screen readers we updated
the visual name of the "+ more" tags expand button to match the accessible name.
This change ensures that screen readers announce the same text as what is visually displayed.

### Fix Disabled Save on GitHub Building Block Definition
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
If you change the implementation type to 'GitHub' in your building block definition while deletion mode was set to 'Purge', you face an issue where the save button becomes disabled, preventing you from saving your definition. This issue has now been fixed.

### Fix Building Block Deletion Failure
**Audience:** Partner, Operator<br>

#### Description
Previously, deleting a building block failed when a communication that
targeted this building block had previously been created in the Communication
Center. This is now fixed.

### Improved Accessible Labels for Project List
**Audience:** User<br>

#### Description
To support assistive technologies, like screen readers, we now use the project's name 
as the accessible label for project links in the workspace project list, replacing the generic "project".

### Fix false unsaved changes popup for GitHub definitions
**Audience:** Customer<br>

#### Description
Fixed an issue where an "Are you sure you want to leave and discard changes?" dialog would incorrectly appear when switching tabs (e.g., from Implementation) in Building Block Definitions of type GitHub, even if no edits were made or the version was already released.

### Self-service customization of email style
**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description
Platform teams can now configure the appearance of automatic emails sent via meshStack. 
This feature allows customization of sender information, logo, footer, and action buttons 
to match branding requirements. It ensures that communications look official and recognizable.
A live preview helps validate changes before they go live.

