---
id: administration.emergency-users
title: "Guide: Emergency Users"
---

meshStack manages access to cloud platforms, projects and resources. In cases when urgent intervention is required and users with regular access permissions are not available there must be a defined process to securely access projects and their associated platform resources. This page outlines step-by-step procedures that meshStack administrators can use as the basis for providing emergency procedures to their customers. Depending on your organization's requirements, these procedures can be augmented with additional organisational or technical procedures.

Example use cases for emergency users and emergency intervention include

- An important application has stopped functioning and operating users needs access to debug and fix the problem.
- Project access for a specific user must be immediately revoked (e.g. due to an account compromise).

In all cases access permissions can always be modified through the [meshPartner](administration.index.md) account which is managed by an operations team. If available, a user with customer admin access is also sufficient for some cases.

## Emergency Access with Customer Admin

If a user with [customer admin](meshcloud.customer.md) access is available, project users and roles can be managed the normal way, even if the customer admin is not assigned to the project.

First, the user requiring emergency access must be invited to the customer

- Ensure that the correct customer is selected
- Open "Account" from the settings menu in the top right
- Navigate to "Users" and create an invitation
  
You can also grant customer admin rights to the newly invited user, i.e. if the emergency user needs to modify other user permissions. In this case, the new user can perform the following steps themselves.

### Adding emergency as Customer Admin

The user can then be assigned to projects belonging to the customer:

- Open "Account" from the settings menu in the top right
- Navigate to "Projects" and select "Edit Project" from the actions column for the correct project
- Add user to desired project role

Since emergency access should only be temporary, it's strongly advised to assign the user a role with a [set expiration date](./meshcloud.project.md#expiry-of-a-user-assignment) which will ensure that the user is automatically removed from the project after the specified date.

### Approving emergency user requests

User project role assignments can be configured to require consent from multiple customer admins ([4 eye principle](./meshstack.authorization.md#user-project-role-approval)). To avoid situations where not enough customer admins are available to confirm an urgent user role request, the meshPartner can confirm project role requests directly:

- Ensure that the partner is selected from the customer drop down
- Open "Administration" from the settings menu in the top right
- Navigate to "Customers" and select "User Pending Role Requests" from the actions column for the customer to which the project is assigned
- Approve the user role request

### Removing emergency user via Customer

When emergency access is no longer required the following steps will revert performed  changes:

- Remove user from project via Account → Projects → Edit Project (performed automatically if expiration date was set)
- Remove user from customer via Account → Users

## Access with Partner

Even when no customer admin is available, users with partner admin/employee access can manage permissions for their ,managed meshCustomers.

### Adding emergency user as Partner

In order to manage users for a specific project, the partner user must add their own account to the respective customer as a customer admin:

- Ensure that the partner is selected
- Open "Administration" from the settings menu in the top right
- Navigate to "Customers" and select "Customer User" from the actions column for the target customer
- Activate “Add Myself” button in the top right
  
Afterwards they may proceed to manage users for this customer as a customer admin (see previous section).

### Removing emergency user as Partner

Since the partner user is now a customer admin the procedure is the same as outlined in the previous section.
However, to revert the temporary customer admin role assignment, another customer admin must remove the partner user from the customer via Account → Users.

## Access Through Service Users

When access is only required for cloud resources and the cloud platform supports [service users](./meshcloud.service-user.md) emergency access can also be arranged by utilizing service users.
Service user credentials can be generated by any user assigned to a project by navigating to the desired project and platform and selecting “Service Users”. When they are no longer required they can be deleted here as well.

## Auditing Emergency Access

Since customer/project access permissions should not be granted lightly all changes to them are logged and can be audited by partner admin/employee users.

### Customer History

- Ensure that the partner is selected from the customer drop down
- Open "Administration" from the settings menu in the top right
- Navigate to "Customers" and select "Customer History"

The list contains all customer events (i.e. sent invitations, added/removed users, role changes), when they occurred and who initiated the action. Event specific information (i.e. who the recipient of an invite was) is available via the “Details” button.

### Project History

- Ensure that the partner is selected from the customer drop down
- Open "Administration" from the settings menu in the top right
- Navigate to "Customers" and select "Customer Projects"
- Find the project and select "Project History"

The general information per project event is the same as before. Event types include user assignments, project role changes and created service users. Event specific information is again available via the “Details” button.

